2/28/2019
Reading: The Spirit, chapter 1

	-	The Spirit is the realization of Christ, and Christ as the embodiment of the very God who is the source of everything.
	-	Each substance or substantial element has, in the nature thereof, its essence.
	-	In God’s old creation, the Spirit of God is for God’s move in His creation (e.g. brooding). In God’s new creation, the Spirit of God has entered into us and dwells in us, moving in us and revealing to us the things of God.
	-	When the Triune God was consummated, we could be baptized into Him, showing that we can have an organic union with the consummated Triune God—the Spirit; Christ’s resurrection was the final step for the Triune God to be processed and to be consummated to [become a realm into which we can enter to be joined to and be mingled with the Triune God]. In this union we have a fellowship—the flow of the consummated Spirit in the source of God’s love and in the passage of the Son’s grace.
	-	The Spirit was the very essence of the person of Jesus.
	-	Essential aspect for His living (life and nature) and economical aspect for His ministry (power to do the work).
	-	Light is God’s expression, expressing God as love, and this love is just the Spirit.

	1.	Five aspects (outline)
	2.	Substance and essence of the Triune God.- The word ‘substance’ refers to each of the three distinct yet not separate persons in the Godhead of the Triune God—the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Each of the three substances of the Triune God is mentioned throughout the Bible distinctly yet never in separation from the other two. The word ‘essence’ refers to that which is shared among all three substances of the Triune God indivisibly, meaning one unique essence is shared by each of the three substances completely and perfectly, thus each substance of the Triune God is the entire Triune God in essence, while simultaneously there being only one Triune God totally (accumulatively).
	3.	Jesus’s living and ministry.

The Different Aspects of the Spirit (1)

	I.	Spirit—the essence of God—John 4:24.
	II.	The Spirit of God, the Holy Spirit—the third in the person of the Triune God—Gen. 1:2; Rom. 8:9; 1 Cor. 2:11; Matt. 28:19; 2 Cor. 13:14.
	III.	The Spirit of Jehovah, the Spirit of the Lord—the reaching of God—Judg. 6:34; Isa. 61:1; Luke 4:18; Acts 5:9; 8:39; 2 Cor. 3:17.
	IV.	The essential Spirit—of whom Jesus was born and with whom Jesus was filled—Luke 1:35; Matt. 1:18, 20.
	V.	The economical Spirit—in whom Jesus was baptized and empowered—3:16; Luke 4:18.

3/1/2019
DHigashi
The more we can get into the matter of the Spirit intrinsically, the more benefit we can receive. As we digest each aspects, the Spirit will have the ground to revive in our heart that speaking within us…But if the word is in our hearts, it is not easy for the Spirit to speak something. The Spirit speaks through the written word and through Himself as the Spirit. And inwardly, when we have the base of the word in our heart, then the Spirit can enlighten that part and speak to us again. So this particular class on the matter of the Spirit…primarily covers the functions of the Spirit. There are also supplemental reading (if you have the opportunity). You cannot fall behind. You will be asked to learn, memorize, and recite 196 aspects, symbols and functions of the Spirit. This is something very important and very experiential. The retake may be a verbal retake. I would rather that you try to pass the first time. I hope you would learn to redeem your time to study. When you sit down to study for 1 hour (segments). When we come to the word, we study the word in this way. Not academically only. But breathe them in. I don’t care if you have a good memory. That doesn’t impress me. And it is okay if you have a bad memory. It is a matter of eating. It is a 196 course meal. I hope that at the end of this term your spirit will be full! Not only full, but rich! Would you like to be rich? Rich with spirit! Old Testament—???; Gospel—23; Acts—32; in the Epistles there are 83 functions of the Spirit. I want to give you the impression that the Spirit is not just a third of the Godhead doing nothing. The Spirit is involved in reaching of God to man. And we will see, in detail, with the verses, what is the reaching. It is not just a memorization of points. You can get the points but each point has verse references. So you need to pray the references into you. Each lesson has study questions. Lessons one through fourteen. ‘Memorize’ in this class means memorize by eating. Speaking of word to one another. This is a good way to memorize, digest, assimilate the word. We give you all the details here. If you study and know the study questions, you will see the study questions on the exam. But it is a matter of your diligence. If you feel like you are not diligent, ask the Lord to come into you and the Spirit to be the diligent one to you. We don’t have buddies in the training. We have companions in Christ. There is a time and place we can fellowship. But that is not study time. How can we exhaust the inexhaustible Christ in two years? We just can give you the synopsis…but it is up to you to get into it every day. When you are done (fourth termers), you have to promise, in Christ, not in yourself, every day you will contact the Lord, the word, and the ministry. Not because you had a class. I hope you don’t contact the Lord because of a class. Just as you have an appetite for breakfast (innately), we should have an appetite for the ministry and the word every single day. We are not humans, we cannot function without touching the word and the ministry every day of our lives. You get to read, reread, and eat together over 300 verses in the Bible, all related to the Spirit. If you eat and digest these points, you will receive something. It is good, in this class, to study together. 55 minutes. And 5 minute rest. For the long run, these things will become beneficial to you. You would speak in this way—not in a way of teacher or lecturer. We are speaking forth the Lord. Don’t come to class because you are unprepared. If you get called, the Spirit of the Father will give you something to say—you are speaking not just from what you read on your way to the meeting but what has been constituted into you. Then my speaking we will know how much has been constituted into us. You shouldn’t be embarrassed or timid in your speaking. You have to overcome who you are…The Lord is the Spirit in our spirit. But when He comes out as the Spirit, He needs to pass through our soul. So the life of the soul has to be denied. ‘I completely missed my main point last time. I cannot speak again.’ You have to put that aside. ‘Lord, I am mingled with you, I will speak of something I enjoyed.’ You are not speaking to be recognized. You are speaking to minister Christ to build up the Body of Christ. There is a distinction the release and the exercise of the spirit. The exercise of the spirit is the exercise within in our inward parts to deal with the Lord. But the release of the Lord is to release what is in our spirit through our soul to minister life to others. Sometimes we need to go to one end to release our spirit. Then we will learn how to be balanced. There is a difference between prophesying in a meeting like this and speaking in a home meeting. We need to learn how to minister Christ by dispensing Christ to others. Even if we miss the point, if we exercise our spirit over the word, the Spirit will still be ministered to others.

[Questions]

We need to learn how to push our spirit out so we can minister Christ out. Human in language but divine in thought. We need the human language as it exists today to communicate it to us. But let me ensure you, the thought here is profound. God is the source, Christ is the embodiment of the source and realized as the Spirit. The Spirit is the reaching of God, the realization of the embodiment of God. These two statements, these two phrases, Christ is the embodiment of God and Christ is realized as the Spirit, is a great matter. In Christian history, many fundamental teachers believe and speak that Christ is the expression…Not just through the Spirit but as the Spirit. Br. Lee shared in early 90s…This phrase, ‘Christ is realized as the Spirit’, Br. Lee told us, took over 50 years to see. This is utterance is revelation put into human language. Christ is realized as the Spirit. This is a great, great matter. And I would say, strategically, this matter of Christ being realized as the Spirit as the reaching of the Triune God to us, as the Father, the source, the Son, as the embodiment, and the Spirit as the reaching, bringing all that the Father has…brings in a war. For theologians to look at the Trinity and teach the Trinity in a separated way is comfortable. But it entirely misses God’s economy, and especially God’s New Testament economy. When this revelation came to our brother as the minister of the age, this became a great, great factor in God’s economy. If you want to know what is important in the divine things and in the spiritual realm, you see what the enemy opposes. Even before we had the chance…no one talked about Christ being realized as the Spirit. When we see this, we will see that this is God reaching man. The entire human history, for the first part—man and God are separated. This is man’s fallen concept. Man try to approve himself by trying to make himself like God. This is what religion attempts today. So now you have this huge religion of tempting to satisfy God by our own behavior and our change in behavior, not knowing that the entire economy of God is [Christ as the Spirit reaching us]. Christ as the Spirit reaches man. In God’s divine thought, it is not man attempting to be good to qualify himself to have a relationship with God. God’s economy is that man is simply an open vessel to receive all that God has done. How? Through the Spirit, because the Spirit reaches man. God’s intention, God’s thought, is that man and God would not be far away from one another. But the enemy’s strategy is to distant God from man. Everything has been done. The Spirit is reaching man! It reaches us. Lesson 6. 32 aspects. These are all the aspects of the Spirit. This is the Triune God reaching us as the Spirit. This is why this is war. It is war because when we as men have this kind of realization, we will enter into this kind of experience. When we enter into this kind of experience, Christ, in His central thought and in His central work, will work Himself into us. This willing bring in the church as the Body of Christ…so the enemy strategically hides and purposely blurs this matter of the Spirit as God reaching man. You imagine, if 10 million people believe this today, the whole world will be different. We are here in the Lord's recovery. We are not special. We are here so that God can recover this revelation; we can propagate this revelation to others. The enemy hates this. This will bring in the fulfillment of God’s economy. If we didn’t have this thought and realization that the Spirit today is the reaching of God…we may think the Spirit is a dove, a superman. Don’t forget, it is God reaching man. This is how much care He pays to each one of us (our hair are numbered). Don’t believe your false experience. The Lord comes to us in so many different ways as the reaching of the Triune God. Without this revelation, we will just distance the Spirit from everything else. Not just our selves but also from the Triune God. Never forget that the Triune God reaches as us the Spirit. And Christ as the embodiment of the Father is the expression of the Spirit. And Christ as is realized as the Spirit. When the Spirit comes to us as the Comforter, He comes with the Father and with the Son. The Triune God comes to us as the Spirit. Lesson 2. Different aspects of the Spirit. This is more comprehensive. CNT messages 79-80. Your understanding and comprehension of these aspects of the Spirit will be greatly increased.

6/28/2019
ALi
The purpose of the training. The goal of the training.

WHale
	1.	Maintain your joy (by living out righteousness).
	2.	Let your light shine. Matthew 5:16. The saints asked my dad why he started meeting after sixteen years of not meeintg. “When my son came home from the training he was shining.” It is a corporate shining.
	3.	Take care of others. Go back with a serving heart to minister to others. Have some discernment about how you speak about the training to others (focus on the intrinsic matters).
	4.	6/21/2019
	5.	DHigashi
	6.	1117
	7.	1113
	8.	There is a certain accumulation that is within us from this term. Paul calls it the good deposit. You will not be the same. You will not be the same. The reason why is not because you are fundamentally different. But you are not the same because there is a certain divine element that has been added. That divine element will always be there no matter what. Even if we don’t cooperate with the Lord, that is only a certain period of time…it is by our daily taking in of the word. It is wonderful to be in the training together, to enjoy the Lord together like this. But I hope that for the long run that our enjoyment of Christ would not just be together but also would be individual. We would very much enter into the the enjoyment individually.
	9.	
	10.	I hope that you would not consider the Lord’s move here in Anaheim or your localities where you are from any different from the Lord’s move in Europe and in Boston. The Lord’s move is simply God’s economy working in man. And as we look at the Lord’s move, we see that in the New Testament there is a strategic aspect of the Lord’s move. What I mean by that is, if you look at where the churches are established, most of the cities were terrible, sinful cities. They weren’t good, preserved Bible Belt cities, in that sense. The Lord came and strategically…because darker the city, the stronger the shining. We are not looking for an outward result, necessarily. We are looking to see how shining is the lampstand. This is the fact. So the Lord’s move in Boston area is strategic. Doesn’t means the Lord’s move in other areas in this country are not important. Almost 40 years later that our brother’s fellowship related to this strategic part of the U.S. campuses, it is being fulfilled. We just cooperate. The Lord wants to move. And He just needs cooperators. What is my point? Whether we are in Boston or not it doesn’t matter. Wherever we are…if we are sent by the Lord, we are in the Lord’s move…We can go in our prayers.
	11.	
	12.	Boston:
	13.	UMass
	14.	13 baptisms.
	15.	BU
	16.	The gospel is just loving Jesus and making friends.
	17.	
	18.	We know we are in the Lord’s move intrinsically by not having a different feeling about different place. Where the Lord sends us is according to the Lord’s move. And where He sends others is according to His move. [But we have the same feeling]. This is similar to having the consciousness and the fellowship of the Body…in a corporate way. Strategically it is not coincidental that the Lord burdened us to go to that area of the country for His move and His labor there. As you all know, that part of the country in particular touches many parts of the earth [through the students]. They are all concentrated in a small area. It is not accidental that every term we have the fellowship related to Boston. Whether the Lord is leading us, whether we have the opportunity to go there or not, I hope we would all be there in our hearts.
	19.	
	20.	By the time they go through Boston, there is a little bit of difference in them. In their seeing and sobriety and consciousness of the Lord and the Lord’s move. It is not something that is planned but in an intrinsic way. How else do we give our lives? We only have one life to give. If you offer me a billion dollars I will not take it. I don’t care about that. That has no interest in me. What is the interest in my heart is the Lord’s testimony. And you all may participate in the Lord’s testimony and you all are being constituted to be the faithful ones in this age that the Lord can have His testimony and come in our life time. I tell you that honestly. I tell you that honestly. This is just our heart, that so many would give themselves to the Lord, again, to serve Him. And if you are not serving Him full-time, your heart is full-time. The Lord’s move is everywhere. We participate by cooperating wi the Lord wherever it is. Even if we are going to an academic program. If you are a student, that is a wonderful way…to draw the other students to the Lord. We are considering…in the lobby, there is a big TV screen. I would like to see if we can put a little script there (sides of the TV, white strip). What came to me was the experience in John 1. One of the two who heard this and follow Him was Andrew… “We have found Messiah.”…You are Simon, son of John, you shall be called Cephas… “Can anything good come from Anaheim.” “Come and see.”
	21.	So I was thinking, we can put: “We have found Him.” “Come and see.” With the verse reference. This is our experience.
	22.	That is actually the gospel.
	23.	
	24.	When Br. Lee mentions the matter of the students, he doesn’t necessarily distinguish the young people as we have today and the college age ones. And in this fellowship I am including both. The burden here and the background is that as we go on in the Lord’s recovery, the Lord’s recovery in, I would say, in His move, not only focuses on the goal of the recovery, but also the means to carry out the goal. God also regards how the goal is carried out. That is clearly seen in the way of the Old Testament and the New Testament. The goal is always the same from Genesis. But the way, according to the time and according to the dispensation of that time, God’s ways were important. This is why there was a big change from Old Testament to the New Testament because there was a different way, God’s way, that now He would deal with man, and that is His New Testament economy. Not by works or law but by faith and believing. Today we are still entering into that transition because we were all born into the Old Testament, trying to do something to please God, and using our own effort to do that. But it takes revelation and failure to see God’s New Testament economy. We should not only pay attention to the goal but to the way that the goal is carried out. In particular, with young people and college students. It is a very unique title, The Three Substances of Power in the Lord’s Recovery. Acts 1:14. “Continued steadfastly.” “With one accord.” “In prayer.” Not in planning. Not in agreeing on a plan. They were there together in prayer. What made them different from the time Christ was crucified? This was a strong evidence that the indwelling, life-giving Spirit, that you have been studying and enjoying this term, entered the disciples, enabling them to come together and be in one accord to continue steadfastly in prayer. The Lord commissioned them for the whole earth. They probably prayed about this. With one accord. That means in one spirit with one soul. How can these disciples do it? In prayer together. If they had different ways, means, substances…they would have not been able to be together. If you read the book of Acts, read it with this view. What is permitted, what is seen, shown, in a brilliant way, in a way full of light, is that the disciples and the early ones there only had the prayer, the Spirit, and the word. They prayed much, filled with the Spirit and the word multiplied. They were constituted, saturated with the word. How can Peter…his messages were filled with the word. Who could ever dream that a fisherman have such an utterance? Something filled Peter within. They continued steadfastly in one accord, in the word. And I would say, I was a young brother when Br. Lee released this…Br. Lee was inoculating us not to have a different substance or different means or different agents just for the sake of increase. We need the increase in the Lord’s recovery. Increase is not the goal. The shining testimony of Jesus is the goal. We would rather have much smaller number with a full testimony. The college students together…What do we bring? Our cargo is only the word of God. What we see of the word of God and what we have been constituted with the word of God. Actually the word of God is the divine element that can open people’s eyes. It is our lifelong goal to be in these Paul’s epistles until we are constituted with it and soaked with it…Then Br. Lee went on to give a little fellowship of what he did when there were young full-timers who had graduated from the training in Taiwan. There was a number there. And how did Br. Lee ask them, or require them, to go on to serve? Whatever aspect we are serving in, we need to spend a good period of the morning in the word. “…Half a day in the word. This is a must.” There are times when things are very busy. But those are very particular times. The farmer doesn’t sow and reap …anyone of you serving the Lord short or long term, the unique requirement is that you need to be constituted with the word. There are no cliff notes to these. Otherwise, what we speak is minimal, empty, and becomes unattractive. I hope that no one would convince you otherwise. You must have this time in the word and then in the Life-studies. The training gives you a certain kind of taste of the ministry. But I can tell you the truth. From your speaking and testimony, I realize you have not seen that much. And sorry, sometimes the brothers see something and speak and they become proud of what they saw, thinking that they know it. Actually you haven’t seen that much because the mind is still un-renewed. You tasted something. Otherwise you wouldn't be here. But don’t trust in that, brothers. You need 20 years of soaking. I mean it. Don’t think that you can take the short cut. I say this in a loving way. We’ve seen different ones who have taken shortcuts. And the issue is never profitable. This is the way of toil, the way of labor. Farming is not fun. Jeremiah, a brother who loves to farm (had 100 acre farm). His family took the way of not strategizing, coming up with this or that. They took the way of labor. Don’t try to be creative and say “I see something else.” This becomes dangerous. We need to build something up. We need to build something up before we can see something further. You may say, “You are limiting my American democratic freedom.” Exactly. Because the constitution of any country limits us. That is what the constitution of the country does to us. It gives us liberty with limitations. Not neglecting the sisters. If we brothers don’t see the clear view of God’s New Testament economy, we will be in trouble. Personally and any labor that we are involved in. And you may not see the result in the beginning. But you will see. Because we really reap what we sow. Well, the Life-study messages are very dear to us. And they are very lovely. And there is a certain divine element that constitutes us. The Bible is something that we should love. We should treasure, we should mark up. But the Recovery Version especially. We shouldn't be afraid to use it. Whatever you love is what you will give others. I was in a country one time (25 years ago). The brothers in that country told me that I just have to watch my bag and everything because there are a lot of stealing. We didn’t have laptops or anything like that. All we had was our Bible. So to me, the most important thing in my book bag was the Bible. When I was going through the border, I didn’t know what else to do with it so…I put my. “What is that doing there?” “I didn’t want to get it stolen. This is the most precious thing to me. This is my Bible, not just ‘a’ Bible.” When brothers had fellowship and came up with the Recovery Version with footnote, my heart was thrilled. We have to touch the Recovery Version every day. Sometimes we can tell, if you really love your Bible, just look at it. You can’t wear it out just by casually looking at it. When we meet other Christians we should give them the riches. We shouldn’t be afraid to give it to them (though we shouldn't force). We shouldn’t hide. “I read this because it nourishes me.” [Don’t be worried about the opposition]. The Lord can protect His own testimony. The Lord was the living Word of God. He was more than slandered. Br. Lee said, “The opposition is there. But if you want the oil, buy it from me.” I am not going to waste my life buying other things and regret it. I want the genuine thing, the real oil in the Recovery Version and the Life-study messages. It doesn’t matter who the Lord uses to speak His word. What color his or her skin is, what [from] kind of background he is. It doesn't matter…as long as they have the divine revelation. I am so glad that the Lord released the divine revelation for all of us. We know where to buy and we are not ashamed. Why would we? We are not proselytizing anybody. But if we have riches and goal, we are not afraid to display it to others. we don’t hoard it. “Come and see.” “Come and taste.” Not everyone is going to take this way. But we are not the ones to discern whether people take this way or not.
	25.	
	26.	Don’t ever be fearful that what you have not real. What you have is what everyone needs. The more you speak, the more truth you will get. Wherever you serve, beg with them, “Please allow me at least two hours in the morning to study the truth.” [Br. Lee] once said, “By my contact with you, I can tell that you haven't read fifty Life-studies properly.”
	27.	
	28.	To preach any way other than prayer, Spirit, and the word brings in different thinking. All the divisions start with a different practice.
5/7/2019
RGood
501

Sharing:
	-	The Lord not only stood on the position of a man but a God-man (a man fully depending and relying on God to be mingled with God). In all of His replies, He mentions God while standing on the position of a man.

What is the point of this God-man living? If you are God, there is point of human living. Why didn’t He say, Abraham, crucify me? What is the intrinsic significance of this God-man living? What is going on internally and intrinsically in God-man living? What is taking place in God-man living? Yes, mingling, but for what purpose? What wants an expression of Himself. You think you got a problem. God’s got a problem too. He is invisible. So He created us in His image to have a physical, visible expression. So then what happened? Satan comes and says, I’m going to mess this up, pop! Now there is an improper expression. Humanity expresses Satan. We might be tempted to be ‘like’ God. You can know what God knows. This is part of warped humanity. Br. Lee touches on this matter. Are we a common man? Pious, godly man, God seeking man. We can be pretty close but not quite what God is after. He comes as this perfect human being, without the problem of Adam. But He is there realizing man is good for nothing but death and burial. What is happening? What is going on in His being? What is going on in the mingling? Where is the mingling taking place? The Lord Jesus: (body(soul(spirit) ) ). What is going on? ( ( (God) ) ) From the time of His conception, there is the mingling going on. You can say that the Triune God (particularly the Father) is [in His spirit]. ( (mind(God)emotion|will) ) He doesn’t want to leave us under water (we will [physically] die). God doesn’t want whole bunch of corpses. So how does God-man living take place? Why was He talking about the Father? The Father was His source. Where is the Father? Particularly in His spirit. And He did the Father’s will. Where is His will? In His soul. What else? He spoke the Father’s words. Where do our words come from? Mostly our mind. Λογος come from the word to select. His mind, concept, thought, was not His own but it was the Father’s. Of course, He was the Father’s concept. He was the logos as well. He spoke the Father’s words and then also what else did He do? (I speak when the Father does His works—[works is related to words]). What else? The Father’s glory. It is His expression. What part? The expression mainly comes through the face. When what do we express mainly? Our emotion. Glory has to do with expression and expression is mainly of our emotion. So you can say that here is this first God-man, He is living because of the Father. He is living a life on the earth one with the Father. The deepest status of the church is the one new man. What is going on with the one new man? With the Body you’ve got life. The one new man has to do with person. Who is the person? The person is very much related to our soul. The spirit is taking the lead and the facilities of our souls are possessed and [directed] by God. He took the Father as the source…and expressed the Father. He took the Father’s emotions. For example, He was rejected. He could have been bummed out…This is the first God-man. That means He wants many more…Then we come to today’s outline. How practically does this get carried out? How do we take another person as our person? The secret is this matter of man of prayer.

“The Lord lived as a man of prayer. He did not live as a common man praying common prayers to God.” May the Lord shepherd us through these outlines to help us to pray. What is a common prayer? “Heal my daughter; send the rain.” Human need, human situations. Br. Lee gives some examples here. “Lord, today there is a need for people to go to [Germany].” ‘Lord, don’t you know I love You? Why did you take away my son?’ This is not only human, it is fleshly prayer. Next person, a pious, godly, religious man. “…thank You for dying for me, becoming my holies, glory, life…patience, forbearance…” Is it okay? It is not this (God-man). How about God seeking man, praying for divine obtainments and attainments? “I need God to bring me through death, resurrection, enthronement…I need to be over my circumstances, up there with Him.” Rise up, O Jehovah, let Your enemy be scattered…But that is still not what God wants. During the time Br. Lee was doing Psalms Life-study, he brings out this thoughts of the psalmists just the trying to be a good man, righteous man. Br. Lee didn’t get my last name right (called by my wife’s maiden name). I need to lose an ‘o’ to become Roger God. Br. Lee would say, “you need to becoming Roger Christ!” I need to gain Christ, the most excellent one. But even this is short. Wow, I am just a common man praying common prayers. Even that is not what God is after.
	I.	The Lord Jesus was a man in the flesh praying to the mysterious God in the divine and mystical realm. Br. Lee avoided this term ‘spiritual.’ Divine and mystical means that a man lives by another life. It is not just a common man, godly man, God seeking, or Christ seeking man. He is living—actually he is not living in a sense—by another person. We may be desperately seeking God yet still not be one with God—we are the one endeavoring, exercising to. This is mysterious right? He was a man living in the presence of God. He kept committing Himself to Him. ‘The ruler of the world is coming and in Me he has nothing.’ ‘Lord, we are in Your hands…’ ‘Lord, thank You that You are now spreading Your move to [Germany].’ These are divine prayers. Although we are human, people should sense that there is something mystical about us. “Father, the time has come, glorify Your Son…” “Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing.” These are some divine and mystical prayers. We have to see that God has made us one with Him. If we pray by ourselves, that is human expression. Who is praying? One of the best verses in book of James. James 5:17-18. Talks about Elijah praying in the prayer. He uttered the prayer in the prayer. There was a prayer from the Father’s person. First of all he prayed that it wouldn’t rain. Then eventually he did pray for the rain to come. That is not a common prayer. That is a mysterious prayer. Elijah laid aside his natural thought. Elijah prayed that there wouldn't be rain…to pray in the prayer from another person. ‘Lord, what is Your concept, Your consideration concerning this matter?’ I’ve been watching this whole matter about Brexit. The brothers and wanting to establish a training facility for the whole Europe. If Brexit happens, it might hinder the travel to England. Ron prayed something related to the British people and the Lord’s interest with them. The fact that the Lord has used the United Kingdom for His spread on earth. We know that the Europe will become the Antichrist’s territory. We don’t know. How do we pray concerning this matter? The whole United Kingdom is in turmoil. The whole people voted for something but that Parliament doesn’t agree. We see the weakness of democracy, clay mixed with iron, just a mess. How do we pray. ‘Lord, have Your way.’ If we pray in a strong way, how do we know it is the Lord’s will? ’Lord, preserve this country for Your move, Your ultimate move…’ I have a British passport but I cannot pray as a British person. Forget about natural pride and all these things. Forget about that and I need to take another person. Forget about Roger Good-for-nothing-but-death-and-burial and take another person.- ‘I and the Father are one.’
	II.	Then we have some prayers. The Lord’s supreme teaching on the mount…Ask, seek, knock. There is a progression. Ask is from a distance, seeking, you come closer, and knocking is at the door.
	III.	
	A.	We’ve been given by the Father to the Son. Why are you in the training? Because the Father gave you to the Son. It was the Father’s idea.
	B.	Verse 25, He answered. What was the question? We don’t know. But He was in a conversation with the Father. Who are the infants? Those not able to speak. [When we take Him as our person, He speaks in and through us].
	C.	
	D.	Now He is the Head of the Body and He’s got a yoke. That the Lord’s yoke upon you. “I am meek and lowly in heart and you shall find rest for your souls.” What does you do in those situations when you have no rest and can’t rest? Take the Lord’s yoke. And learn—this is the word, trainee. If you are just going through the outward regulations of the training, then you are missing the intrinsic aspect of the training. You can see the Lord’s prayer regarding the situation. He didn’t have an outward view…but even to reproduce this in the Body, the disciples, the believers…take Him as the Head, the person, and you will find rest for your souls. Who is going to be the person. If I am the person, I will not have rest and there will be conflict. ‘Lord, reproduce Yourself as the first God-man in me and bring me into the God-man living and bring me into this divine and mystical prayers.”

Reading:
The God-man Living, pp. 89-92, 96-100, 109-112, 115-120
	I.	A man of prayer:
	A.	A man in the flesh praying to the mysterious God in the divine, mystical (way and) realm.
	B.	He was a man of prayer, a man who is one with God—John 10:30:
	1.	Living in the presence of God without ceasing—Acts 10:38c; John 8:29; 16:32.
	2.	Trusting in His suffering and persecution—1 Pet. 2:23; Luke 23:46.
	3.	In whom Satan has nothing—John 14:30.
	II.	The divine facts in the mystical human life of the first God-man:
	A.	All of the Lord’s prayers are divine facts:
	1.	When we consider the Lord’s prayer in John 17, we can see what divine prayer is.
	2.	He needed to seek His Father’s counsel concerning how to bring His Father’s kingdom in the heavens to the fallen Adamic race on the earth—[fasted]:
	a)	We should believe that there was such an accompanying prayer, but it is kept in secret as a mystery and it is impossible for us to know what the content was.
	b)	This indicates that the first God-man’s prayer was in the divine, mystical realm.
	3.	We should do everything in a divine way:
	a)	All of His prayers were divine, yet they were in a human life, making that human life mystical.
	b)	We should be persons living a life which is divine yet mystical—mystically human.
	4.	The key is that although we are human, we live divinely.
	5.	God was living through Him:
	a)	He was God manifested in the flesh.
	b)	This is a great mystery—1 Tim. 3:16.
	6.	A God-man’s living is a man living God.
	-	His mystical human life was a divine realm, and this realm is the kingdom of God.
	-	The Triune God prays with us and we pray by living with the Triune God.
	-	If we pray by ourselves, that is the human expression. If we pray by living with God and moving with Christ, we pray from this Person and our prayers are divine.
	-	There is a realm in this universe which is divine and mystical—the divine and mystical realm of the consummated Spirit.
	B.	In His supreme teaching on the mount, the first God-man teaching His disciples twice concerning prayer:
	1.	The first time unveiling the heavenly vision concerning the prayer which is critical to the kingdom life:
	a)	The prayer:
	(1)	The Father’s holy name to be sanctified:
	(a)	For His name to be sanctified, we should express Him in our living.
	(b)	To pray such a prayer requires us to be sanctified persons, those who are separated from being common.
	(2)	The Father’s heavenly kingdom to come:
	(a)	Today the world is not God’s kingdom but His enemy’s kingdom—John 12:31.
	(b)	The reality of the kingdom life is righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Spirit—Rom. 14:17; 2 Pet. 3:13.
	(3)	The Father’s divine will to be done on earth as in the heavens:
	(a)	This is to bring the heavenly ruling, the kingdom of the heavens, to this earth.
	(b)	These are the attributes of the one Triune God:
	i)	The name is of the Father, because the Father is the source; the kingdom is of the Son, and the will is of the Spirit.
	ii)	To pray in this way is to pray that the Triune God will be prevailing on the earth as He is prevailing in the heavens.
	(4)	The care of the supply of our necessity, our daily bread:
	(a)	He does not want His people to worry about tomorrow.
	(b)	The Lord is faithful to take care of the supply of our daily necessity.
	(5)	The Father’s forgiving of our pets as we have done with our debtors.- We have to clear up any separating factors between us and God and between us and others.
	(6)	Not bringing us into temptation but delivering us from the devil, the evil one.- The Lord’s prayer takes care of the Triune God, of our daily necessity, of our relationship with God and with others, and also of Satan.
	(7)	Recognizing and praising reverently that the kingdom, the power, and the glory belong to the Father forever.
	(a)	The prayer taught by the Lord in His supreme teaching begins with God the Father and ends also with God the Father. God the Father is both the beginning and the end, the Alpha and the Omega.
	(b)	Such a critical prayer surely increases our seeking of the kingdom of the heavens as the Father’s heart’s desire and affords us our need of the divine supply of grace to fulfill all the supreme and strict requirements of the kingdom of the heavens for the Father’s good pleasure.
	C.	-
	D.	His surpassing prayer to the Father and his wonderful teaching:- If we can still pray after reproaching someone, our reproaching was divine.
	1.	His surpassing prayer:
	a)	Fellowshipping with the Father:
	(1)	The Lord’s prayer was actually His answering the Father.
	(2)	While He was reproaching, He was fellowshipping with the Father.
	b)	Extolling the Father:
	(1)	To extol is to praise with acknowledgment.
	(2)	We should learn to praise by acknowledging the Father in His economy, His will, and His doing.
	(3)	His Father could be the Lord of the earth through Him and through His disciples; He was standing on the earth for God’s interest—Ezra 5:12; Dan. 2:18, 37; Gen. 14:19, 22; Matt. 11:25.
	c)	Praising the Father for revealing these things to infants.
	d)	Well-pleasing in the Father’s sight:
	2.	His unveiling teaching to the disciples:
	a)	All things having been delivered to Him by the Father:
	(1)	“All things” refers to all the disciples, the persons who follow the Lord.
	(2)	We are in the Lord’s recovery because the Father has given us to the Lord Jesus.
	b)	Knowing the Son and the Father requiring revelation—v. 27:
	(1)	To know the Son requires that the Father reveal Him (16:17), and to know the Father requires that the Son reveal Him (John 17:6, 26).
	(2)	Paul aspired in Philippians 3:10 to know Christ.
	c)	Calling all who toil and are burdened to come to Him—v. 28:
	(1)	On this earth who is not toiling or burdened?
	(2)	Rest means perfect peace and full satisfaction.
	d)	Charging the disciples to take His yoke upon them and learn from Him:
	(1)	The rest from the Lord is for our souls; it is an inward rest, not something merely outward in nature.
	(2)	The peace of God will guard our hearts and our thoughts in Christ Jesus—Phil. 4:6-7.
	e)	Assuring them that His yoke is easy and his burden is light—v. 30:
	(1)	The yoke of God’s economy is like this.
	(2)	Everything is God’s economy is not a heavy burden but an enjoyment.
The mass production is from the prototype, and the duplication is from the model.
	I.	Regarding God’s eternal economy—v. 27:“All things have been delivered to Me by My Father, and no one fully knows the Son except the Father; neither does anyone fully know the Father except the Son and him to whom the Son wills to reveal Him.”
	A.	The Father has delivered all His elect to the Son for the building up of the Son’s Body—v. 27a; John 6:37, 44, 65; 17:6b; 18:9.
	B.	Only the Father knows the Son as the centrality and universality of His economy—v. 27b; cf. Col. 2:2; Matt. 16:15-17; Gal. 1:15-16; Eph. 3:4; Phil. 3:10:
	1.	Christ the Son is the mystery of God. God has His person and His purpose. God’s person is triune. His Trinity is His person. The content of the New Testament is the Triune God.
	2.	The economy of the Triune God is for Him to dispense Himself into His chosen and redeemed people to make them His expression.
	3.	Heart’s desire—>purpose—>economy.
	C.	Only the Son knows the Father as the source and Maker of His economy—v. 27c.
	D.	The Son reveals the Father to His believers for the formation of His Body—v. 27d; John 17:6a.
	1.	The Son reveals the Father to His believers for the formation of His Body (v. 27d; John 17:6a).
	2.	The New Testament teaches us, the members of the Body of Christ, to do everything with God, in God, by God, and through God, in a divine and mystical way.
	II.	Regarding God’s pleasant will—vv. 25-26:
	A.	The Father has hidden all the things as the contents of His economy from the wise and the intelligent—the worldlings—1 Cor. 1:26.
	B.	But He has revealed these things to the infants—the Son’s believers—Matt. 19:13-14; 1 Cor. 1:27-28.
	C.	This is the Father’s pleasant will.
	III.	Regarding the first God-man as the Head of the Body, the prototype, and the model—vv. 26, 29a:
	A.	Being absolutely submissive to God and altogether satisfied with God.
	B.	Being meek, not resisting the opponents, and lowly, humbling Himself among men in His heart.
	IV.	Regarding His believers as the members of His Body, His mass production, and His duplication—vv. 28a, 29b-30:
	A.	Answering His call in their heart and coming to Him bodily—v. 28a; Rom. 12:1.
	B.	Copying Him in their spirit by taking His yoke—God’s will—and toiling for God’s economy according to His model—v. 29a; 1 Pet. 2:21.
	C.	Sharing in their soul His rest in satisfaction— vv. 28b, 29b, 30:
	1.	The hardest thing is to rest in our soul.
	2.	The rest that we find by taking the Lord’s yoke and learning from Him is for our soul.

5/28/2018
RGood
301
It’s the life, life, life

[Sharing]

What is your problem (especially in the light of what Paul presented in the book of Romans)? Propitiation cover. The high priest would be in the presence of God. What utterance did Paul use…? “All have sinned and come short of the glory of God.” Rom. 3:23. Sin. Something strong within us, the satanic nature, that cause us to do what we shouldn't do. What is the intrinsic significance of glory? Glory is the expression. God created us in His image to express Him. But we sinned and came short of the glory of God. What do we express? Where are we? Just look at people. The eyes, the face, is the window of our soul. We don’t look right. We fall short of the glory of God. Rom. 6:23. What is the intrinsic significance of death? We are weak to do what we shouldn't do. Weakness in our being toward what God told us to do. But He solved all our problems.

Glory - Creation
       ————————————————
      l   Satan- devil, ???, liar, serpent       l Bronze serpent  Son
world [ ( ( (  ) self ) flesh ) ] [ ( ( (  ) ) ) ]       :——————— Father
     l                                                          : Jesus: ( ( ( ) ) )  l The last Adam
     l     Sin - vs law / conscience             :——————— Lamb of God
     l     Death                                            l                          Spirit
Defunction —————————————
Deaden
This is the testimony. We come short. God created the universe in a beautiful way. Also, the Jews have the law but what about the Gentiles? Conscience. “How should I change the law of the land so that I feel better about my sins?” But they still feel bad. So we have the creation outside of us and law / conscience within us. What else troubles us? Why did God create our soul for? To express Christ. But our soul through the fall became the self. Satanic element came into us to make our soul independent from God. What else? Flesh. The body was transmuted as the flesh. What things are related to the flesh? Actually it is the flesh of sin. And it is the body of this death. What else? Who is the source of sin? Satan. Also named devil (slanderer). “διαβαλλος”. “βαλλος,” to throw. He throws things at us. He is also called the liar. Death is just a transition. Satan just lies and steals and cheats and deceives people. He is also serpent, eating dust food, who bit us. These are things related to our being. He also got something outside of us. The world. It is the satanic system. He is taking all the things God created for us to enjoy freely for our enjoyment (air, water, food…) and systematizing them. What is the goal of this system? To usurp us, to take us away from God.1 John 5:19. He’s got a box (i.e. [ ] ) around us. We have different boxes. Satan knows exactly what will usurp us, take us away from God’s purpose. Satan does another thing. This comes about because we have flesh within us. If we give free expression to the flesh, what does it look like? It will be horrible. So human society developed things to dress up…cultures and ordinances (e.g. eating with metal chopsticks, wooden chopsticks, weapons…). These bring in war among us. You may even come from very similar background. These ordinances just divide humanity. So we have these problems (i.e. inside the box; —l ). What is God’s way of dealing with sin? Negotiation? Termination. Semipermeable membrane (i.e. : )—things can go <— but not —. When He was crucified, He crossed out all (that is in the box).
Satan’s Strategy Against the Church. Divide, de-function, deaden.
Son deals with Satan. He destroys the devil. Father vs the world. It has to do with the source. Why are people get concerned with the things of the world? Because they neglect the Father. We just need to ask the Father. Need a new car? Just ask the Father. The Spirit vs flesh. “The Spirit lusts against flesh and the flesh abasing the Spirit.” The whole Triune God has come to deal with these elements.

First of all we have the Lamb of God. He takes care of the problem of our sin. He is also the last Adam, finishing Adam and the old man. The firstborn of all creation to terminate the entire old creation. Creation came into being through Him. Even all things cohere in Him. So He is intrinsically related to the entire creation. Because He joined Himself to this He wasn’t affected to this but whatever He passes through the whole creation. He is the serpent in form. Satan, world, and sin(ful nature). He died as a peacemaker. All these ordinances that separate us…He erases these middle walls and boxes ( [ ] ). Brings us together to be the one new man. Finally He is the grain of wheat.

When the sin is rising up from within us, what should we do? The element of crucifixion is compounded in the Spirit. As soon as I turn to my spirit, that element is there to be applied. I was about to lose it because of one of my child. I said, “Lord, be my anger, be my frustration.” And my anger was gone.
5/21/2019
RGood
368

[Sharing]

The Lord Jesus was the first God-man. And denied Himself, His perfect human life and lived by another life. Took the Father as the source…is that good enough? He wants not just one God-man but many God-men…Now He wants us to take Him as our person. Can He do it? Is it possible for us to live this kind of life to reproduce this? Well you can say He did it but He is a little different from us. What’s your problem? Sin. Self. What is the result of sin? Death. We got other problems as well but let’s focus on these three. We have sin and death (go together). What is going on inside? There is something in us, even more kind of intrinsic than that. We know what we shouldn't do. Wasn’t that silly? But there is something strong within them that empowers them to do what they shouldn't do? Something is us that is strong. Motivates and causes us to do…and afterwards Satan comes and mocks us, “Ha, ha, useless…” The Lord Jesus didn’t have this problem. [Makes us strong to do what we shouldn’t do.] How about death? Rom. 6:23. The wage of sin is death. If you give in to sin, what is going to happen? There is going to be a visitation, knocking at the door, “Where is my wages?” What is death? We are weak to do what we should do. What about self? We are only in the image of God to express God. But we express self, Satan. We express enmity against God. So we can say, “We don’t look right.” We express something else. SELF: don’t look right; SIN: strong; DEATH: weak. Wretched man that I am. What can we do? But praise the Lord, we have the wonderful God-man. God didn’t just leave us. What do we need? We need God to do something to help us. For God to become man, live this human life by the divine life. How does God deal with these problems? Does God negotiate with sin? He terminates (death, different from the previous death). “All I have in Adam is but sin and death.” Thank you Adam. This is our inheritance. God’s way of dealing with sin is death. What is His way of dealing with death? Resurrection! And you need both of these to deal with the self (terminating and germinating). So what we need is the complete salvation of God. We need to be saved. What are the two aspects of the complete salvation? Judicial and organic aspects. Judicial aspect mainly deal with the first problem sin. The organic aspect take care for death and also self. It is actually not so clean cut. They work with each other. Unfortunately most Christians appreciate this aspect and ignore the [second]. The judicial aspect of God’s salvation emphasizes what particularly? Righteousness. Because sin is contrary to God’s righteousness, we contradict God’s righteous nature. Rom. 1:17. In the gospel we need some good news. The gospel coms and tells us that the righteous shall have life and live by faith. Righteousness is actually the foundation of God’s throne. Everything He does has to be according to His righteousness. There is a lot of unrighteousness right here…Rom. 3:21-26. What is Paul doing here? He is doing something with these intrinsic problems. What is Paul’s view? “All have sinned and have come short of the glory of God.” He has got a particular [thing] in view. What is his view when he presents this? Paul’s view is the Old Testament where you got the cherubim of glory and the ark. and inside the ark you have the tablets of the law. When he says, “all have sinned,” that means they contradicted God’s law and have come short of the glory of God (the cherubim of glory). This is the holiest of all. This is Paul’s view. We have contradicted God’s law and we don’t look right, we express the self. Paul says everybody is without excuse whether Jews or Gentiles. How does God deal with those who are not Jews, which is most of us? It is actually the same principle. He says that we have the law in our hearts. In our heart, as the leading part of our spirit, we have conscience. How about related to ‘glory?’ What does God use to testify to us. Creation testifies the beauty of God. The heavens declare the glory of God, and the expanse…[When you get mad,] something comes out of you and you go, “That wasn’t beautiful.” Something agree came out of me and here is something beautiful. We have conscience within and creation outside of us testifying God’s glory. So we have this matter of righteousness. God has to be righteous and actually this is the procedure of God’s salvation. His procedure is righteousness. And God fulfills all the requirements of righteousness…How does He take care, “the soul who sins shall die.” He takes care of it by Himself dying. He is the righteous one dying on behalf of the unrighteous. Then as the result of the righteousness of God through His death in the cross, this allows us to experience these in point D, these five experiences that we can have. In God’s judicial redemption we are forgiven, we are washed, we are justified, we are reconciled, and we are sanctified positionally. Because of sin we have problem…we not only forgives us but also cleanses, washes, us. Why? Because there is the stain on our conscience. Then also we need to be justified. What does that mean? That means you are approved according to God’s standard of righteousness. Reconciled. Who needs reconciliation? We are enemy of God. Satan has really done a number on us. We are on Satan’s side. He is the enemy, the opposer of God. He is the enemy. So we can be reconciled to God. Then we are sanctified positionally. We don’t have a problem. We can stand before God, sanctified positionally. That is the judicial aspect of God’s salvation. Let’s talk about the organic aspect of God’s salvation. What is the keyword here? Life. Organic salvation is not composting (saving food scraps). How did we get these terms? Brother Kerry went to this theological…Timothy Wear said, “According to my understanding God’s salvation has two aspects, judicial aspect and organic aspect.” He brought it back to Br. Lee and he said, “That’s great!” And he ran with it. Why do we need an organic aspect? Because we are weak to do what we need to do. We can experience this kind of death (being impotent) or this kind of death (terminating). The Lord doesn’t want just bunch of dead people. He resurrects. So this is the organic aspect of God’s salvation. So this is through the life of God. What does it mean “have life and live by faith?” You can say that this is the banner of God’s economy. Why don’t we just say live by faith? Why do we say have life. Were you born with it? No. So first we need to receive that life and then live by that life. You need repentance unto life. The repentance is unto life. And justification unto life. The justification we have here is unto life. Rom. 5:18. Rom. 5:10. Saved in life. Reign in life. Verse 21. Grace reigns unto eternal life. We have this song, “It’s the life, life, life…” Life that you received (initially), life that you are saved by (live by), and the life that is going to consummate you unto the New Jerusalem (to consummate God’s organic salvation). We have Jesus Christ in us. We have Jesus Christ in our spirit, then eventually we have Jesus Christ taking over our whole being. Psalms and Hymns and Spiritual Songs #127.

You have these two elements. These aspects here. You got the blood of the lamb and flesh of the lamb. All these verses, forgiveness, washed, cleansed, being sanctified is related to the blood. We have blood in the Old Testament at the passover lamb. Then they ate the flesh to be strengthened…Luke 15, robes before eating. The Lord’s side was pierced. Out from His side came blood and water. “Eat My flesh and drink My cup.” Bread and the cup. Why is the order reversed? The original intention of God is that we would eat His life. God’s judicial redemption is for our organic salvation. Most Christians appreciate this (judicial redemption), over appreciate this and not the organic salvation. If you don’t have God’s organic salvation, you will be just babies. They are not going to be beautified as a bride. This aspect of God’s full salvation is being neglected. The Lord has not had a way to carry out His economy.

We have more problems (self, sin, death) than these but they are intrinsic to our being.

4/2/2019
RKangas
501
Error is usually based on selective use of particular verses. And we never base a teaching on a single verse. We have to consider it in the light of the whole Bible. And so for the Lord God to say that ‘this is My Son,’ it seems that that is the moment of adoption. But you just read other verses and need to point out that that is not a reasonable understanding.

An antichrist person. After they are subdued: ‘What should I say to be saved?’ 1 John 4:15. ‘If you confess Jesus is the Son of God, God abides in you.’ ‘You need to open your mouth and confess that Jesus is the Son of God, the eternal Son of God who became a man.’

How would you define ‘aromatic?’ Br. Lee chose this word with a care. He was very exact. So what is aromatic? Clearer we are, the fewer words we need. Fragrance. It is discernible but it is not so thick that you can hardly absorb it. You just become aware of it. And the use of this adjective indicates that when people were contacting the Lord, what they saw was a very ordinary looking man, not physically attractive. They could not see that He is God. But they could sense something. They realized something. That is the fragrance, that is the aroma. The first thing, when you enter, is the smell. You can’t hear anything, see anything. You can substantiate by touching by at first you can only smell. It is a pleasant thing. Because English is my wife’s second language, she said, ‘You smell well.’ ‘You mean, I smell good.’ (Not that I am good at smelling). What the Lord said concerning her action (alabaster flask) should give us a pause...she realized, I need to pour out on Him now...the Lord said, wherever the gospel is preached, what this woman did will be spoken of. In other words, the effect of the gospel on a human life with appreciating and receiving the wonderful Christ should issue in this kind of response. We just pour out our being. But it is an excellent illustration of what we mean by aromatic. It is an aroma (not a fowl smell). And Martha, who couldn’t be quite in Luke 10, is in resurrection, serving in John 12. She says in John 11, ‘he stinks’ about Lazarus. Sometimes it can be the aftereffect. Afterwards, when you are alone, you realize, the Lord was here.
...
It is okay for married couples to work together, for your whole house to work together. If you prefer to do that and give a jointed presentation...toward the end of the lesson we will focus on a particular case of this aromatic virtue. Just select a particular instance. Where aromatic virtues are expressed. Yes, your will exercise your mind and your spirit. But if you really touch the spirit of that passage, you will sense the aroma. When the Lord stopped that funeral procession because the widow has lost her son (in a bier), He was moved with compassion. He wasn’t like, ‘This is an opportunity for Me to show how powerful I am.’ I don’t ever hearing a news about someone being moved with compassion and doing something for other being. ‘God expressed in humanity.’
I. Christ expressed the bountiful God in His human living. Not first of all in His work. But in His human living. Did you reflect on what it was like living with Jesus? I would like to ask this to those of His household. This was in His living. This was not something He ‘turned on.’ Not, ‘now I am working...’ That is more than false. That is hypocritical. He was only full-time for 3 and a half years. He had at least 4 brothers and 2 sisters.
II. God is not expressed in a vague way but in a specific way. God’s rich attributes are the unsearchable riches of what God is. When He was moved with compassion, He is expressing the divine attributes of the divine compassion. Just compare the difference between ‘breathing out murder’ and saying ‘the kindness of God leads you to repentance.’ The kindness, exuding from Him. Can you consider, our society now, as human kindness? How vicious! How cruel! It is just incredible, the way people relate to one another. They sense a kindness. That is not just being nice. That is attributes of God expressed through man’s virtues. I think we will do well, personally, to ask the Lord, ‘Lord, cause me to know and experience the kindness of God.’ We are imbalanced in expressing God’s attributes in our human virtues. That imbalance is inherently related to our disposition. 1950, cultural religious ‘He.’ When you are allowed to, there is a song called ‘He.’ He alone can write a symphony...He will always say, I forgive. This is 100 percent fleshy. This just shows our natural being has a way according to the concept of God we hold of isolating certain attributes. But they are unsearchable. Never become old. You should fully have this open expectation for yourself in your whole life. ‘Lord, don’t let me ever get old.’ The human virtue of patience is not ‘never fading.’
A.
B.
C. These are central. Love, light, holiness, and righteousness.
	1.	The love of Christ is immeasurable and knowledge surpassing. We can realize it only together (Eph. 3).
	2.	He Himself is light. Everything is bright about Him. His mind, His emotion, His speaking, His thoughts. There is no darkness, no opaqueness. He is transparent, clear. It is preceded and followed by love. The more light shines on you, the more, the faster, you will grow. But a part of your being might be afraid (of being exposed). So I would like to emphasize, light exposes, love covers. Love covers multitude of sin. I received a heart-rending text from a graduating sister. ‘I shared something very personal and obviously she told it to her husband, and to a number of other people that she does not know.’ That isn’t love. That brother just disqualified himself. Love covers. How can you have a fellowship with someone if you have the fear of not being covered? I’ve seen this kind of speaking truly destroy young people. There is no love at all. But like Hymn 13 says, God is love and God is light. Therefore I don’t fear light. I welcome it. With light there is love and life.
	3.	
	4.	He was the only One who could say this. ‘I was right with Joseph, Mary, siblings...’ and right with every ‘thing.’ You have to be right with every ‘thing.’ You have to be right with your car. The way we ‘ventilate’ feeling toward objects expresses our being. I am sure the Lord Jesus took good care of His carpentry tools and cleaned...and His work was of the highest quality.
III. Life is spontaneous. Life is effortless. He is living this. He does not have a TelePrompTer telling Him, ‘You need to be wise, kind...’ That is robotic. That is imitation. He is living. He says, ‘I live because of the Father...’ It is all spontaneous. ‘I am being so kind...’ that is a subtle form of self-consciousness. This is how He is expressing. He is not turning it off and on. He automatically flows. That is how He lives in you. He is reproducing Himself in you.
A. He is living a human life, but not by the natural human life, but by the divine life in resurrection. This implies that He realized, ‘If I am to express God, I can’t be in My natural human life, even though it is perfect.’ That will only express the natural human life. That is all. But if He lives by the divine life in resurrection, He will [express God].
B. One exceedingly precious...Christ’s aromatic virtues includes His mercy—wouldn’t you like to deeply know His mercy—compassion, meekness—okay, here is a brother, natural born athlete; I knew a brother like this, in 10th grade he was a starter in a varsity football team...and he reads about ‘meekness,’ ‘Meekness? That is for sissies; meekness is not cowardice—forbearance—not only patience and endurance, but graciously accepting much less than you really deserve—lowliness—Philippians 2; not just to become human but on the lowest level (a slave); obedient unto death; He is the only obedient human being that ever lived; He was 33 and a half years old when He did; He didn’t have a girlfriend, He did’t have a wife; ‘Let’s go...so the world may know that I loved the Father;’—faithfulness—utterly faithful—truthfulness—before Pilate, ‘for this I was born...that I might testify concerning the truth;’ how can someone testify concerning the truth if their being is not truthful, not sincere?
C. We can only imagine what was a in the index of His eyes: kindness, compassion, affectionate, tenderness...(He was looking at the woman as He was speaking to Simon). This is how He turns our history right side up. We can’t rewrite the history, the things we’ve done...the enemy may torment us, ‘your future is not ruined.’ Absolutely not. Not even in a courtship. You may give a general answer in all truthfulness...your sins are forgiven. What kind of love issued from her! He who is forgiven much loves much. Those who love the most are those one that have been forgiven the most. This is how the Lord negates all that the enemy did. Then when He forgive, I don’t know how it happens, God forgets. It is gone. He says, ‘Be at peace.’ Then you realize, how can I not but just love Him? One particular of the Lord we see here...this woman’s tear was wetting His feet, wiping with her hair. She was kissing His feet affectionately. He is absolutely pure. This beautiful pictures of His aromatic virtues she will never forget. If you choose to labor over this portion, feel free to do that. Contact the Lord and inhale the aroma of His aromatic virtues. What He is, you will be. He wants to reproduce Himself in you little by little, day by day. Tomorrow night we will get blissfully lost in the gospel of John.

4/6/2019
Reading:
	-	In His full ministry in the first stage of His incarnation, Christ also expressed in His humanity the bountiful God in His rich attributes through His aromatic virtues.
	-	The Lord Jesus possesses both the divine nature with its divine attributes and the human nature with its human virtues.
	-	The divine attributes are related to what God is and has.
	-	He lived a human life, but in that life the divine attributes were expressed.
	-	With Him the divine attributes filled the human virtues, and the human virtues contained the divine attributes.
	-	In Christ the divine attributes and the human virtues are one; that is, the divine attributes and the human virtues are mingled together as one.
	-	Today the Christ who lives in us is still the One who possesses the human virtues strengthened and enriched by the divine attributes.
	-	Sometimes in the fulfillment of a prophecy concerning Christ in the New Testament something further is added. For example, the Old Testament reveals that Christ will be the Lamb, but in the Old Testament He is not called the Lamb of God. Nevertheless, in the fulfillment of the prophecy regarding Christ as the Lamb, He is called the Lamb of God (John 1:29). The reason for this is that Christ cannot be limited by the prophecies concerning Him. When He came, He fulfilled more than what had been prophesied. Furthermore, our experience of Christ surpasses the fulfillment of the prophecies. In our experience Christ is not only the Lamb of God but the Lamb of eternity (Rev. 21:22-23; 22:1). Thus, the prophecy is short, the fulfillment is longer, and the experience is eternal. When we experience Christ in the fulfillment of the prophecies concerning Him, we enter into the eternal experience of the inexhaustible riches of Christ.
	-	Because Christ’s riches are unsearchable, untraceable, all the positive things in the universe point to Christ.
	-	All the riches of Christ are for the producing of the church.
	-	The Body of Christ is constituted of the riches of Christ enjoyed and assimilated by us.

FMoC

Phil. 2:5 Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus,
6 Who, existing in the form of God, did not consider being equal with God a treasure to be grasped,
7 But emptied Himself, taking the form of a slave, becoming in the likeness of men;
8 And being found in fashion as a man, He humbled Himself, becoming obedient even unto death, and that the death of a cross.

Heb. 5:8 Even though He was a Son, learned obedience from the things which He suffered.

This aromatic virtue of Christ was shown at least in two steps:
	1.His prayer to the Father concerning His death.
	•	Matt. 26:39 And going forward a little, He fell on His face and prayed, saying, My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from Me; yet not as I will, but as You will.
	2.His actual death.
	•	27:50 And Jesus cried out again with a loud voice and yielded up His spirit.

Rom. 5:19 For just as through the disobedience of one man the many were constituted sinners, so also through the obedience of the One the many will be constituted righteous.
20 And the law entered in alongside that the offense might abound; but where sin abounded, grace has superabounded,
21 In order that just as sin reigned in death, so also grace might reign through righteousness unto eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.

4/30/2019
RGood
169
Why didn’t God just become a full grown man and go directly to the cross and die and resurrect? In pre-incarnation appearance He did come as a [full grown] man]. But He didn’t do that. Why not? Why would so much of His life be in silence? Why should it matter? How does that impact us? God doesn’t want to just take care of judicial redemption. He wants to save us organically to live the God-man life. So many years of silence—God who hides Himself, living many ordinary days under the divine dispensing. I was very touched by these sisters sharing, ‘I really enjoyed the Lord today hanging the clothes on the clothesline!’ Very ordinary days. But you can actually have some eternal transactions with God while you are hanging clothes on the clothes line. This is why we have this God-man living of the Lord. The invisible God wants a physical, invisible expression of Himself. Basically human life is pretty mundane, not much going on. We are a container, created as a vessel to contain God. The Lord Jesus was the first one to contain God. He showed us what it looks like for a vessel to contain God. What was the first thing He did when He began His ministry? He got baptized. The Lord had the perfect human life. But He was baptized. His living was because of the Father. Then you have the outline for today. Three steps: baptized, anointed, tempted.

How can we say the Lord Jesus was tempted? Aren’t we tempted to say, “I’m tired of exercising my spirit.” That is one way. What is another way. Satan is tempting Him to do something miraculous, ‘just be God.’ God’s economy is divinity and humanity mingled. God’s economy is to have a mingled life, God mingled with man. Satan wants to stop that process. Just be a human being or just be God, do something miraculous. Isn’t that a temptation? So this is what Satan was doing here. The Lord eating the word of God. He had some other source than the physical food…Those who claim to be Christians but are atheists pick the verses and omits other. They expose their ignorance. They are like these Sadducees; modernists…Whose Son is He? The question of questions. It shows that this should be our focus. They turn them from religion, politics, philosophy, to Christ. David’s (Son). How did David call Him in spirit Lord? He is God. So divinity and humanity. Basically, the question we need to be asking is who is the God-man, the person God mingled with humanity?…Matt. 26:63-64. He is turning them from recognizing just as the Son of God to realize that He is the Son of God. So that is the temptation, to stop this mingling.

I am in the Father and the Father is in Me. What is this? Incorporation. His mind, emotion and will focused on the Father. And then His Father can saturate His mind, emotion, and will. Then, where do the words come from? Because of this process here, His mind, emotion, and will are filled with the Father. Since His mind is saturated with the Father, He selects the thoughts and concepts of the Father and speaks them. Then He does His work. 1 Tim. 3:16.

His moving for His ministry.
SOURCE—Father; John 6:57; 7:28; 8:42; 5:19.
WILL—Father not self; John 4:34; 5:30; 6:38; Heb. 10:7.
WORD—John 14:10; 14:4; 8:28; 12:49; 7:17.WORK—John 4:34; 17:4; 14:10
GLORY—John 7:18; 8:50; 17:4 (24?); John 14:8-9. He was the expression of God the Father, the invisible God. All these verses that I read show us that the Father was the source.
Προσ, εν, εκ, παρα, μετα, απο: the relationship between the Father and the Son. 
Εκ, εν, επι, κατα, εν, dative case (in/of): the relationship between the Son and the Spirit.
This is His triune existence.

The first God-man’s work was His living. His life was His move. His move was His work. Through the Lord’s God-man living, you can see the kind of life that He wants us to live. We need to take Him as our source. Choose His will. Our word should be His word. Our work should be His work. His glory.

He is incorporating the operations of the Triune God.

5/4/2019
Reading:
The God-man living,  pp. 37-39, 53-58, 64-68, 72-78, 81-85
	•	He cared only for God’s interests, not for His need.
	•	He was standing on His position as a man…to glorify God and accomplish God’s economy.
	•	The God-man’s defeating of the tempter’s initial temptation equals His passing of God’s test and qualifies Him to be God’s Anointed, Messiah, among Israel, and Christ among Christians for God’s economy.
	•	Where should you go? Go to the water to die and be buried there.
	-	In our flesh we are worthy of nothing except death and burial.
	•	In being tempted the Lord had at least three statuses: first He was a man, second a creature, and third the Son of God. As a man, He could not test His Lord.
	•	Gen. 3:5, ‘…you will become like God…’ Isa. 14:14, ‘…I will make myself like the Most High.’
	-	To become like God is to become Satan. We are not becoming like God. We are becoming God.
	•	How could the God of the living be called the God of the three dead persons? It indicates they will be resurrected.
	•	Christ in His humanity is the seed of David and in His divinity is the Lord of David—Psa. 110:1.
	-	Although He was a man, He could sit at the right hand of God. He was saying that He was equal to God.
	•	They temped the Lord to assume His God-given position, the position of His divinity, and ignore is God-ordained position, the position of humanity.
	-	The Lord’s standing on the position of humanity was a strong weapon for Him to defeat Satan and the instrument usurped by Satan.
	•	Matt. 22:20-21—things that are God’s to God. Man is God’s image and inscription. Render then yourselves to God!
	•	He was on this earth living a life totally for the manifestation of God to express God’s attributes in His human virtues (1 Tim. 3:16a).
	•	The cross was the center of Christ’s living.
	•	The Spirit was the center of His work.
	-	The cross came first, and then the Spirit.
	•	His living by the Father and ministering by the Spirit indicate that the living of the first God-man was actually the living and moving of the processed Triune God in Christ’s human living on the earth.

4/23/2019
RKangas
169
171
A theological seminary in New York. What I share will show the fact that the antichrist teaching is still very strong among Christians. This seminary is historical very liberal in the sense as not regarding the Bible as inspired. Many do not believe in the incarnation. Some do, some don’t. It happens that the president is a brilliant scholar, a woman. She was interviewed about Easter. She said she does not believe in the resurrection of Jesus. She thinks that the account of the virgin birth of Christ is ridiculous. She would use the word like, ‘God would send His own kid to die…this is horrible.’ I have no way, wish I could communicate to them. And another, a very high ranking bishop is Pescipaleon(?) church does not believe in God or Bible, or Christ is God incarnate. I want to ask them this question. ‘First of all let me state something. When I hear you speak like this yet call yourself Christian, why don’t you be at least intellectually honest, what is the difference between you and atheistic humanist?’ God’s feeling is very strong toward these. These are the tears. [He will burn them]. This is sufficient to show that we are very small minority. I am reading a small book by a Princeton professor who is making a case of how we have become pagan…how we need to preach and announce the kingdom without fear and hesitation.

	I.	The outline is so short and so simple. But there is a lot here. The reading assignment is not long but quite rich. Prayerful spirit, seeking heart, and exercised clear mind. Over the period of 40 days the resurrected Christ would appear again again to the apostles. And He spoke to them concerning the kingdom of God. So Luke is emphasizing this point in the beginning. This must indicate that the kingdom of God and the apostles’ coming ministry…we are not told what the Lord said. But it is reasonable to infer that since Luke wrote the Gospel of Luke and Acts, the Lord might have very well reinforced what He taught in the Gospel of Luke. The Lord is leaving the whole responsibility in the hands of these (for the most part) young adults, brothers and sisters. [One might have asked], ’I have a question, will you now restore the kingdom to Israel?’ After all this, it shows that his concept has still not changed. Because this is the background. The children of Israel were under the rule of the Roman Empire. They believed that Christ the Messiah would come as a political revolutionary and overthrow the Roman rule and reestablish the kingdom rule there. This is what they expect and wanted. If you have any context of the orthodox and read their [writings], this is still their hope. But according to Isa. 53, when the Lord comes, it will be in a very different mode and entirely different purpose. It will do well to reread Isaiah 53. There is an amazing portion in Zech. 12 which reveals how the remnant of the Jews who will be preserved during the great tribulation will be preserved. They will recognize His dual status in His sonship. He will grieve for Him and mourn over Him as the firstborn Son. They will meet Him in sonship as the only begotten Son and also the firstborn Son. Then they will repent, they will be saved and regenerated. They will be priests and teachers(?) In the millennial kingdom. Then the nations must go to them to receive instructions from them. The overcomers will mainly be the kings. The Lord will mainly fulfill this aspiration. 1972-1973, I taught at an orthodox jewish school for boys. They came 7 in the morning, offered what they called meal offering…then I came later as a secular teacher to teach them various things. They knew I was a Christian. So they asked about the Messiah’s coming. I said, ‘He will come. For you the first time, for me the second time.’ The atmosphere (at Jesus’s time) was fermenting with all kinds of feelings and aspirations and actions to overthrow the Romans. So they were waiting on edge, waiting for this Messiah to come. In Acts, when this very wise Rabbi was responding… ‘So and so claimed to be a [kind of] man. He was killed and his followers dispersed…and another.’ This was the atmosphere. One of the disciples was Simon the Cananians. They were the most radical… ‘But let’s suppose this One is of God. If you are opposing them, then you are opposing God.’ God entered into human environment when it was just intensely focused on emancipation. Another matter, believers such as we, we need to be very careful how we read the Bible. ‘I want to check everything by the Bible.’ Of course the written Scripture is the criterion. But it may not be safe as what you think and what you suppose. And God in His wisdom is going to out do the human cleverness. John 7, some came to the religious leaders and said, ‘No one ever spoke like this. Is this not the Christ?’ And then the leaders rebuked them, ‘Haven’t you read the Scriptures? This man is from Galilee. Christ does not come from Galilee.’ They were being Scriptural in their religious sense. ‘We know He will not come from Galilee…therefore He is not Christ.’ But little did they know God fulfilled the prophecy in Micah, that Christ would be born in the city of David, Bethlehem. How did He do it? He declared Caesar to declare census. So Joseph and his pregnant virgin fiancé had to come back to their [hometown]. You can imagine the talk. ‘We are engaged.’ But she was pregnant. ‘We know what kind of people you are.’ Then We have to be careful. American Christianity is saturated with this kind of shallow application of the word in many respect. Get some impression of the Lord’s person and of the environment in which He was born, in His infancy. Just to back up, God sent the angel to speak to Mary. What a revelation! Of you will be born…the Son of God. ‘Let it be done according to your word.’ God viewed them as married (‘Mary your wife’). The Lord knows what kind of feeling he had to see that the woman he loved was expecting a child. Because of the person he was, he wanted to put her away quietly. He didn’t want to shame her. Sometimes the Lord works through sisters first. But then He will bring what He reveals to them to the brothers…to guide them from that point on. If Mary were to tell Joseph…what was he supposed to do? How does he work it out? But the Lord made it clear to Joseph. ‘You will call His name Jesus.’ From that point on, all the speaking from God was to Joseph. And the wording in Matthew is very significant. ‘Take the child and His mother and bring them to Egypt…’ Indicating the focus is on the child. We know from Matthew when the magi came and they wanted to worship Christ the king. Then Herod found out that the King was born. And this is the evil of the politics, ‘Go find Him so that I may worship Him. The magi saw Him in a house. The magi did not come to a manger but He was in a house. He was probably not an infant, probably not only few weeks old…then Herod ordered to kill every boy two years and younger. Why two years and younger? The Lord could have been there for a year or a year and a half. Herod, ‘It is a threat to my empire. I will kill the baby, and all the babies…’ This is God becoming man. And his parents go to Bethlehem, there is no room in Motel 6, Marriott Hotel. He was placed in a manger with straw in it. What an entrance. This is the eternal, the only begotten Son of God, God Himself, equal with God, did not cling to that equality, laid aside that splendor, emptied Himself, humbled Himself, and was born like this. And then Joseph was instructed to flee to save the child’s life…Of His youth we are not told very much. There is no way of knowing anything that is beyond what is recorded in the Gospels. Anything beyond that is demonic. We know His dad was a carpenter. We know He had brothers and sisters. He grew up in poverty in a despised region as oldest of at least seven children. I don’t think He had His own bedroom, anything like this. And He became a carpenter Himself.
	II.	Now He is in His youth. We know from Galatians 4:3-4 that in the fullness of time God sent forth His Son under the law. He was a Jew. Our Savior was a Jew. I was talking to a brother, a friend of the Lord’s recovery. He notices the increase of antisemitism.
	A.	The law required for the little boy to be circumcised. His parents brought Him to Jerusalem and this happened. He grew up under the law.
	B.	And then under B we have the testimony of Simeon. ‘…For my eyes have seen Your salvation.’ Salvation is a person. Jesus is not only our Savior. He is Salvation. ‘…which you have prepared…for all the people, light of the Gentiles, the glory of Your people…said to His mother, Behold, this One is appointed for falling and rising of many in Israel…’ We could maybe ask, ‘Sister Mary, could you share with us…’ He is now human going through normal human development. When He was two, learning to speak, He wasn’t walking around the house saying, ‘I am the Son of God, I am the Messiah!’
	C.	Luke 2:40. The grace of God was upon Him. But He was still a little child. I’m sure He was never naughty and was full of wisdom.
	D.	At 12. That is why it is the practice in the church life that all the blessed church kids would be saved when they are 12 years old. So this was the turning point…His mother, ‘child, why have You treated us like this…[we] have been seeking You.’ ‘Why is it that you were seeking Me? Did you not know that I must be in the things of My Father?’ (Don’t you realize who My Father really is?). He now knows, as a developing child, that God was His Father. It is quite of a realization. I don’t know if she told Him. ‘Jesus, You are different from all the other kids. Not as human. But God is Your Father.’ He realized this. Not easy. They didn’t understand. God is His Father. He as the God is the One actually created them. But He is twelve. So He subject to them. ‘His mother kept all these things in her heart. And Jesus advanced in wisdom and stature and in the grace manifested in Him before God and men.’
	E.	I’m so glad that He didn’t come as some kind of handsome, outwardly charismatic graduation class president type. He came as ordinary and common as possible to be just like us. What a contrast between Him and Alexander Great. He died at about the same age. Alexander was trained by Aristotle. Great commander. According to legend wept having nothing more to conquer. But Jesus, born in poverty. Yet there is something manifested in Him before God and man. Then the record stops for 18 years. We don’t know what happened. Nobody knows. I don’t know if we will ever be told. If we get to be there at the wedding feast, I raise my hand and ask the Lord, ‘What did You do when You turned 21?’ ‘There is no room for question like that.’ We only know He lived in Nazareth as a carpenter until He was about thirty. So why?
	III.	In His silence…why was it the time of silence?
	A.	God had not yet commissioned Him. So He was learning obedience. But I would like to emphasize point B.
	B.	Those eighteen years, I don’t know what happened to His brothers and sisters (if they got married or not). But this point, ‘ministry needs the maturity of age.’ We have the understand something. We really cannot go on, grow in life to maturity isolated from the Body life, from the church life. We need one another, the supply from the Body. On the other hand, the deepest experiences we have of the Lord is always private and always on one-on-one with Him. This is how the Lord works thoroughly into the depth of our being. And this becomes a part of our personal history with the Lord. We are writing our own autobiography. And many of the things that happen to us with the Lord, that we experience with the Lord, we can never talk about. We will never have the sense to talk about it. This fulfills Matthew 6, the Father is in secret. The Father sees in secret. We need to learn to live in secret in our praying, in our giving, in our fasting (that is, our going through certain experiences of deprivation). That is when the roots (Brother Ed gave us a marvelous message on this in the elders’ training) grow downward. The roots must grown downward before we can bear fruit upward. If you put Matthew, Mark, and Luke together, you will discover three no’s. No depth, no moisture. ‘How can this person grow so quick?’ They will whither also so quickly. Trial comes and they are gone. Jesus became all that He taught. When He said, ‘Blessed are the poor in spirit,’ He was poor in spirit. He was pure in heart…seek first the kingdom of God. All of this is the unveiling of the person He is. And this kind of maturity was developed in silence. And the silence can be on two levels. 1) Not free to talk about what we want. 2) God is silent (more challenging). This is where our faith is developed. I will stand before the enemy and vindicate You. ‘He is my God. If He speaks, He is my God. If He is silent, He is my God.’ As He is reproducing Himself in us, He will, in essences, and in principle, relive His developing divinely human life in us. Doesn’t mean you will ever live in Nazareth, you don’t have to be carpenter, it may not take 18 years. Some cases, depending on the function, like Peter, it had to be manifested earlier, because your function is needed earlier. With John, he didn’t reach the peak until he was 90. The Lord called me when I was 16. He began to fulfill the call 39 years later. I wouldn’t say it was entirely a period of silence but in principle it was. The Lord reminded me. I was in Irving, 1994, 10-15 years younger than I traveling. I remember praying for them, ‘Lord, raise up, manifest, those younger than I, amen.’ My portion is to be here, grinding out one Life-study after another Life-study, day by day. Then, the Lord in His timing makes a change. At least you can latch unto or hold unto this realization of having personal one on one ongoing life with the Lord. And if the thought comes to you that, ‘I don’t know how to do this,’ then I will say, ‘Welcome, we are all the same.’ I remember starting my pr-walk (pray-walking), and conversing with the Lord, ‘I don’t know how to be with You…You can see me, I can’t see You. So Lord, I am here, will you please train me to have personal relationship with You.’ Not formal, not religious, not ritualistic. Genuine one on one. He knows where we are not. And He knows where He wants you brothers to be in April 23rd, 2027. And He knows with whom He wants you to be 8 years from now, what you would be doing, what you would experience. You would not be able to see the connection between what is going on inwardly and outwardly; you can’t…but eventually we are brought to that point and we look back and say, ‘…Now I can give some retroactive hallelujahs…Now I can say, thank You Lord for that experience, but let it never happen again.’ The Lord might indicate, I hear you, that won’t happen again, I’ve got a lot of other things planned. This to me is very enlightening matter, that our Lord knew who He was, why He was hear. He just stayed in that household…brother Joseph died early in age…working as a carpenter. Then in His ministry, the beginning…
	IV.	
	A.	There are three things the Lord experienced before He began His public ministry. We will complete this, we believe, next week. What does it mean to fulfill all righteousness? God was starting to make a dispensational change (from the age of the law to the age of the church—the age of mystery). This is a radical dispensational change. You can trace this development through the Acts. John the Baptist was sent by God as a dispensational instrument in the sense of preparing the way for Christ to come. He preached the baptism of repentance. This is God’s governmental ordination and therefore the matter of righteousness. It is not a matter of, ‘I’m the Son of God…’ It is not that ‘I should be baptized in You.’ That is not the point. John, you have a responsibility. You have to be faithful to it…that settled it and then he permitted Him. So that is the first thing. 2) God the Father’s speaking and anointing. But then He didn’t just say, ‘Now I have the economical Spirit, I have fulfilled the righteous requirement…I have the anointing, let’s go.’ No. He was led by the Spirit in the wilderness to be tempted by the devil. And before He began an open, public ministry to people, He first needed to be approved by God Himself. And to have the economical Spirit on Him. And then He needed to defeat the enemy as a man alone in the wilderness. And then when He went forth (this will come out in the summer training on the Authority and Submission and Rebellion), then He was absolutely under God’s will. He was nothing out of Himself. He took the standing of terminating His flesh in the old creation (though without sin). ‘I will not do anything outwardly without first dealing with the enemy.’ So the enemy says, ‘All the kingdom of the world, it is all yours, just fall down and worship.’ The antichrist will take this. But the Lord said, ‘It is written, you will worship the Lord your God only and serve Him.’ I was wonder how many ambitious political people in effect have sold their souls to the enemy to get power. I fear for them all. Not at the judgment seat of Christ but before the white throne like anybody else. ‘You made a bargain with the forces of darkness.’ The difference between politicians and honest elected persons who serves (there are some, just not that many)…His ministry is backed up by all that happened in the thirty years. He needed to grow and develop as a human being. When He was twelve, it was His turning point, now He realizes, ‘God is My Father, I must be in the things of My Father.’ His parents came. He was subject to them. This was the Son of God in His humanity, honoring the authority of Joseph and Mary His mother. But when He started His ministry, He had to sever the natural relationship. So when He is in Cana of Galilee, He says, ‘Woman (respectfully), what are you doing? It’s okay, I will take care of it.’ At the end of Matthew 12, He gives a message, a big crowd. ‘Jesus…they want to see you.’ ‘Who is my brother, sister, and mother? He who does the will of My Father…’ This indicates He applied the cross to the natural life when He was in the age to begin His ministry. There is a beautiful picture. The women are always there at the crucial time (birth, crucifixion, resurrection). Peter is also there. But women are the primary vessels taking this in. Then John is there. And then He says, Woman, behold your son. Son, behold your mother…Now the sword is piercing her soul…When the 120 were praying, she was there…- If God doesn’t delight in us, not as we are in ourselves, but because we are in Christ, we have no basis in ourselves. God will delight in us the more we allow Christ to be our person, life, and everything…eventually He will call us. We drop our tools and go. Luke (dropped his medical profession). I believe he was not poor but left everything to follow Paul. Paul says, ‘Luke alone is with me.’ The Lord has already defeated the devil. We go forth in His victory. Share your impression of this wonderful living of the first God-man who will reproduce His living in us.

4/27/2019
Reading:
	-	All of the states and conditions mentioned above make people silent and inactive in social appearance—Isa. 53:2-3; 52:14; Heb. 4:15b; 2:18.
	-	Christ lived on earth in a particular way for the accomplishing of God’s eternal economy which ultimately consummates in the New Jerusalem.
	-	The way of righteousness is to recognize that you (man in the flesh) are good for nothing except death and burial (Matt. 21:32).
	-	Then the Lord Jesus came to put people into the Spirit to have life (3:11).
	-	By anointing Him the Father declared that this One standing in the water, baptized by John, had two sources: the source of the flesh, His humanity, and the source of the Spirit of holiness, His divinity—according to His humanity He was in the flesh, good for nothing but death and burial, but according to His divinity He was the Son of God (Matt. 3:16b-17).
	-	His anointing was based upon the Father’s choosing and because of Christ’s loving of righteousness and hating of lawlessness—Matt. 12:17-19; Heb. 1:9.
	-	Jesus being willing to be baptized indicates His admitting that He was in the flesh and that what He had according to the flesh was only good for death and burial. Standing on this ground, His real situation—that He was a man of flesh—became His base of Him to be baptized.

Sharing:
Isa. 52:14  speaks of the Lord, saying, “His visage was marred more than that of any man, / And His form more than that of the sons of men.”
His appearance was not only not attractive, but it was probably repulsive. Not only His facial features, but even His form was marred more than that of the sons of men. He perhaps walked funny, being distasteful to many people. He must have been a social outcast. Not liked by anyone, always being made fun of. And being under such a condition, He was surely tempted to murmur, to reason, to complain, to have self-pity. Yet He was without sin! He did not have the time to care for those things because He was in the things of His Father. Inwardly, He was fully occupied by His Father’s house, [which is the church issuing in the Body of Christ, which will consummate the New Jerusalem for]—or—[which is the mutual dwelling place of God and man as] the fulfillment of God’s eternal economy.
4/9/2019
RKangas
1147
505
We are considering how the God-man expressed [God] in His humanity, not by His humanity. Human life can only express human characteristics. What we have is that in His humanity the Lord expressed the bountiful God. There will be an expression of the bountiful God in God’s rich attributes through the Lord’s aromatic virtues. Justly, we are giving some particular attention to the aromatic virtues. Only you have a particular portion measured to you. When you speak on the same matter, you are expressing this measure of grace that no one else has. So it is not a mere repetition. It is an opportunity for the Lord to flow out what is in you…eventually what we will sense is that there is something more here. It is the bountiful God in His rich attributes (not just the virtues).

[Sharing]

Not only do we have the portion of each one of us, the principle of the Body is mutuality. Every speaking was a supply.

The bountiful God, ‘bountiful’ indicates inexhaustible. Everything in the human life will be exhausted. But the source, the fountain, is bountiful, inexhaustible. So this inexhaustible source is flowing into this God-man and is expressed through His aromatic virtues. But we will be amazed, these aromatic virtues never expire. He doesn’t say, “I have been compassion enough!” No, it is inexhaustible. When Paul said this will turn out to salvation through the bountiful supply…he goes on to say, ‘Christ will be magnified…’ This is impressive. The bountiful God and the virtue I would select…is obedience. The Lord not only emptied Himself, humbled Himself. He was obedient unto death. That the death of the cross. We may say a synonym for obedience is submission. Obedience comes out of the submission. So He was obedient unto death. But to show how human His life was, we have Heb. 5:8, telling us that the Son learned obedience through the things that He suffered. We will all make the same discovery one by one that it is in times of most intense suffering that is most difficult for us to submit to the Lord and accept His will. Something in our being just rises up. That is the rebellious nature the Lord is targeting and will deal with. Br. Nee has a very exceedingly profound writing concerning this. ‘The eternal Son became man…’ How will He return to His Godhead? Two ways: 1) summon twelve regions of angels to rescue me. He could have broken through His humanity and became the Son of God and the Godhead. But this was not God’s intention. So He emptied Himself and humbled Himself…becoming obedient even unto death. 2) God exalted Him to the status in the Godhead as God-man. This virtue is an issue of the submission. The training is to bring us to know this obedient Christ, this submissive Christ. We come from different cultures, different backgrounds. American culture is lawless and wild and independent. We were founded by revolution. Other cultures, they are authoritarian. For thousands of years that is all that know. You may think you are submissive but your submission is a culture reflect, in my view. Whether we are wild by nature or docile and submissive by our nature and culture, we need Christ, who was obedient unto death, submissive to the Father’s will…He wasn’t gritting His death. The Lord says, ‘Let’s go, so the world may know that I loved the Father.’

There is an advantage in my being limited in pointing out about the meal offering as a type of the bountiful God. I don’t need to go through all the points. In 1971, Br. Lee was giving a series of messages on Christ as the reality of the offerings. When He came to the meal offering he stopped for many weeks. ‘As the whole church, you need to listen to this (concerning the spiritual warfare(?)).’ He exposed the enemy’s attack on the young to ruin their humanity, to damage their human vessel.

All of you, rather you are a brother bearing some responsibility in the church or a sister maturing in life, we need an understanding concerning the honey. 1978, the enemy, through certain persons, injected a lot of honey, natural affection, into the church life. 1989, the dissenting ones will appeal to the natural affection, to feelings. In the Body of Christ, there are no direct relationships. All relationships are through the head. Like the boards in the tabernacle. The contact is through the gold. It can be very dangerous in many level, especially for the sisters to bond and form a kind of relationship through natural affection. At first you might think it is love…The model of the God-man. Personally, He fulfilled all righteousness. There are certain ones, by their disposition or character, they are very keen on righteousness, being strict with themselves. But they cannot at the same time be kind and merciful to others. So their kind of strictness is really generated from the self. But a God-man in his relationship to God and others and everything fulfills all righteousness. But He doesn’t turn around and say, ‘My righteousness is now the standard for you. If you don’t match it, you are not worthy to coordinate with me.’ So I mention, meek and lowly in heart. God is not impressed with the outward appearance. He looks on the heart. You are so humble, yield to others, but your heart is altogether contrary to them. Then you appeal to the weak ones. There was a time brothers thought they would be special forces. This didn’t last…the church is not special forces. The church is all-inclusive. But the Lord would not break a bruised reed…this is how the Lord cares for the weak. He didn’t say, ‘Peter, I don’t have to give this, go fish and pay the tax for yourself.’ He said, ‘You will get a coin; pay it for you and Me.’ He is flexible. Limited in time. When I was little I was very keen to time. We are just aware of the limitation of time. There is something in us that would like to break through the whole thing. But the Lord knows how to be limited by time. Knowing when to weep. Doesn’t mean He turned it off and on. No, brothers, if we don’t have the capacity to weep, we are not yet fully normal God-man. But if we weep with the slightest stimulation, that is not normal either. I heard of a brother who started balling when his bride was coming in. Dads, because they love their daughters so much, they can let the tears flow. But we are not trivial, not shallow…but we know when to weep.

[Midterm] You are writing from the perspective of what you presently see, what you presently realize. There is an opportunity, for actually you to clarify yourself through writing. It is an exercise of learning. A very great professor in Yale wrote about Writing to Learning. Just have a good writing experience. Just share what you are seeing, what you realize.
3/26/2019
RKangas
What does it mean to say that Christ is the mingling of divinity and humanity? Isn’t this heretical? Doesn’t this produce something neither really God or man? Is Christ the still mingling of God and man? Matt. 26—‘You will see the Son of Man coming in power.’ Rev. 1—The Son of Man is in the midst of the lampstands. Br. Nee talks about submission and obedience. God highly exalted Him. Then the Lord returned to His position in the Godhead with His humanity. So the Son of Man as the God-man is an object of worship.

‘Polemical,’ ‘polemics.’ Comes from the Greek word, ‘Polemos.’ There is an aspect of apologetics (not saying sorry for using the word mingling). Apologetics is to defend when you are attacked. When you counter the claims that we are heretical is defending the truth and that is apologetics. But when there is a gross error concerning Christ, then you should not be passive. Then we attack. We attack strongly. Which apostles do you think is the most polemical? Peter is very direct to what he saw. But he said, ‘I don’t know what Paul is writing.’ Peter is up there but he is not number one. Easy to say Paul because he is defending regarding grace. It is John (in his mending ministry). But it is woven into seemingly low key writing (with we walk in the light, we love because He loved first...). 2 John 7—‘For many deceivers went out to the world, who do not confess Jesus coming in the flesh. This is the deceiver and the antichrist. Look to yourselves that you do not lose the things which we wrought...that you receive the full reward. Everyone who goes beyond and does not abide in the teaching of Christ does not have God. He who abides in the teaching, He has both the Father and the Son. If anyone comes to you and does not bring this teaching, do not receive Him into your house and do not say to him, ‘Rejoice.’ You should say, ‘Have a miserable day until you repent of your heresy.’ For him who says ‘rejoice’ shares with him in his evil works.’ So the gospel of John itself, more by implication, when it begins by identifying the word with God from the beginning, then the word became flesh. He is directing, aiming at...the heresies saying that Jesus is not the God but a lesser God. Another would say Jesus did not actually come in the flesh, but that it was an illusion. Agnostics think that the material world by nature is evil. How could the Son of God then put on flesh? So John mentions in 1 John, many antichrists have come. The plural (antichrists) points to the principle. Of course there’d will be ‘the’ antichrist. But there will be the living out and the working out of the principle. This is in one of the earlier issues of A&C. We put this out as a direct challenge...The article is one Traditional Theology and the Principle of Antichrist. That was a direct attack on the traditional Christ-ology...’Many of you are following the principle of antichrist.’ When Br. Lee began his ministry here in 1962, he brought a thought unknown to Western Christianity. In the late 70s when a certain aspect of this was peaking, we were publishing articles on the newspaper...until it got too touchy. But some were saying you are ‘panthious.’ You say that He is the tree, goat, frog, whatever. Then they linked it...’of course it is because he is orient...so God is identified with everything, everything is God.’ This shows the utter blindness. Just to skewer these critics...’Why don’t you ever raise up the question of western mysticism corrupting [theology]? You are down right biased.’

Euthykian. If you just understand the thought and internalize it...[that is sufficient].

We must contend for the faith once delivered to the saints. If there is a disagreement concerning millennial kingdom, that is okay. But when it comes to the person of Christ, this is the faith. This is why I appreciate the brethren so much. They directly opposed heresy. We are not trying to win arguments to glorify ourselves. But we are fighting for the truth and we will. Docetism (denied Christ’s humanity); Ebionism (denied Christ’s divinity)—1 John 1:7. Let’s say that the Lord was just a sinless human being. The efficacy of that blood is limited. But because it was the God-man who died on the cross...in His deity, that makes that efficacy, unending, inexhaustible. Actually, if someone would accept this kind of teaching, they cannot be saved. They are not believing in the real Lord Jesus. Then Arianism is still strongly propagated today. Basic assertion: before the eternal God created universe, He created a divine being we call His Son. So ‘the’ God created ‘a’ God, who does not have all the characteristics of ‘the’ God. He is not self-existing for instance. JW’s are heretic and they are antichrist. They believe that God is Jehovah and that Jesus is a lesser God created by Jehovah. And it is this lesser God that came into flesh. They are denying the deity of Christ and the incarnation of God in the flesh. They have the spirit of antichrist. They are antichrist. And when they have their kind of so-called training for their evangelists...in the ‘classes’ they are led astray in this way. Their basic argument on John 1:1. ‘In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word as a god. See? There is no definite article, so the translation is wrong when it says ‘the Word was God. It should say ‘a’ God.’ This is the source of their heresy. If anyone who has had a real course in a Classical Greek will realize...anarthous noun. It has no article. But it cannot be translated with an article. To insert ‘a’ or ‘the’ would be an error. The Word was God without modification. So when they come around, and if I decide to open, I take the lead to say something to them. To stare them down and with a stern expression and tell them, “Jesus Christ is Jehovah God come in the flesh.” I probably won’t say anything more. I may say, ‘Unless you repent and believe this, you will perish.’ So John...it doesn’t mean you have to kick out your plumber when you find that he is a JW. Unless he is trying to convert you; then you go on an attack mode. Apollinarianism. Mark 2:8; John 11—refer to Jesus’s spirit. I find it very precious to read the gospels and see a God-man living in His spirit all the time. This is what it looks like, whatever situation He is in. Nestorianism. The two natures are affirmed. But theree is this denial. It denies the unity of the person. About twenty years ago, some of us had to engage in a polemic combat. A low key. You don’t use a nuclear bomb to deal with a mosquito. But there was someone here who really was separating the natures of Christ and was troubled by our worshipping the Lord. You said you repent to the human nature and worship the divine part. This is a separation. How would you disprove this? That the God-man Jesus was now worshipped. In Matthew 2, the little baby Jesus is not in the manger. He is in the house. So he is not a newborn...the magis came and knelt down and worshipped Him. It doesn’t say they worshipped the Godhead concealed in the baby. John 9—He worshipped Him. Matthew 28, the disciples met with the Lord on the mountain and worshipped Him. When the Lord Jesus returned as the glorified Son of Man, He will establish His throne in Jerusalem. The Bible is quite wonderful and we study it in a way of putting certain portions together, you will read in Zechariah, the Lord, Jehovah of hosts will reign in Jerusalem. In Matthew 19, the Son of Man will reign in Jerusalem. The co-kings according to Zechariah will charge people to go up to Jerusalem and worship the Lord. So the very fact that we worship the whole person; we don’t mentally divide Him. We don’t separate the nature. It is the person. So this needs to be anchored in our being. It is the person. It cannot be unmingled, negated. We are not ashamed to say, ‘We Son Him!’ Then He take the lead to say that we worship the Father. We are not told that we worship the Spirit. We worship in the Spirit. Eutychiansim. Denied the distinction of the two natures. This fellow uses the word ‘mingling’ in a strong way. That is why the orthodox Christians ban the usage of this word. You have to be really smart to be that dumb...450 AD counsel. The issue was Chalcedonian Definition, which states clearly the truth concerning the person of Christ. For historical organized Christianity, this is almost like the constitution. We are very glad that they fought the heresy and expressed the truth, just as we are very glad that Antipas in Pergamos withstood the hole system. And Athenasious (possibly a prefigure of Antipas) fought against the heresy of Arianism. But in the recovery, we are not bound and governed by documents, by creeds. We understand them, the Lord needs some of us to be aware of the history. But He needs many of us to understand the error. Some said we must be Eutychianists...because we used the word that he used. This thinking is illogical. We are absolutely none of these. So all six are erroneous because of imbalance. At the same time that we were engaged in the battle concerning the person of Christ, we were involved in a more intense battle concerning the person of the Triune God. Critics would pickup the matter of the life-giving Spirit to say that we are modalist. 4th century, a guy taught that there is one God who manifested Himself in three stages. First He was the Father. Then He comes as the Son. Then after the Son resurrected and descended God became the Spirit. He denied the eternal Divine Trinity, the eternal coexistence of the Divine Trinity. This was the focal point of the battle in 1976(?). Br. Lee said, I will ask brother Ron to write a booklet on...It wasn’t spectacular, not invincible. But it was not rebutted for 42 years.

The principle of antichrist:
We follow Br. Lee’s teaching based upon John’s use of the word ‘antichrist.’ We need to understand the thought in point B. All these heresies are antichrist in this sense; they are against the person of Christ...actively. So that is the principle of antichrist. And John identified it as such. He was 90+. That encourages me. The other meaning is ‘in place of.’ Something that replaces Christ. This was perhaps the most powerful aspect of the argument in the A&C article that I mentioned. The orthodox believers do not deny the person of Christ. They are not ‘anti’ in this sense. But it is very prevailing to replace to Christ with all kind of other things. Not only in outward practice. Some, real believers, focus on the Bible. Actually the Bible replaces Christ in their being. Many aspects of the word of God we point out to them, they would have a strong reaction. They claim, we just follow the pure word of God. If I say, ‘Jesus Christ is in you...being formed in you.’ ‘Well, He is in the heavens. He is somehow in us through the Spirit, by the Spirit.’ Here is your theology and your way of studying the Bible replaces the experience of Christ. 50 years, Los Angeles area...you should fear and tremble when you meet the Son of Man because we teachers will be judged with a greater severity. We should not attribute the second meaning ‘anti’ to Christ as a religion. Every Christian has replaced Christ in their being in their life, unintentionally. Job did. Job fought for his righteousness, his integrity. He even indicated, ‘I will see God in court.’ So when Paul met the Lord and received an ongoing revelation from the Lord...He is all-inclusive. Then he realized, I have all these stuff in me from my background that is not Christ. So, on the positive side, another kind of replacement has to take place. I’ve been trying to be this do this, only Christ can be this and do that. The principle is, anything that replaces Christ is ‘anti’ in the sense of ‘instead of.’ So let’s just say, a brother and a sister have a feeling, leading from the Lord, courtship, get married...wouldn’t you want to see, overtime, your husband’s natural love for you replaced by Christ’s love for the church...transforming into the God-man whom you married. On the negative side the things can be emphasized. ‘Instead of Christ.’ If a brother is authoritarian in His attitude...you are replacing Christ...it is not only those with a real wild background before getting saved (e.g. all kinds of gross sin, gangs, drugs...)...surely they need all that negative element to be replaced. Actually it is not hard for the Lord to gain a sinful person like that. But for church kids to have the thought, ‘I should become like that so that I will have a dynamic experience...’ No. The Lord preserved almost all of you. Like my daughter told me, ‘Dad, don’t you realize that we are good kids?’ They were good. My son was a good boy, as far as the behavior was concerned. Now comes the process. You have patience, kindness, affection. Yes. But it is not Christ. So you need to see a vision of the all-inclusiveness of Christ. And reading Br. Nee’s little book, Christ as the Reality of all matters and things, He pioneered the way. Patience is Christ, courage is Christ, forbearance is Christ...’Lord, I want to gain You little by little in Your all-inclusiveness...I give You the ground. Replace anything in my being that is replacing You.’ Our children should be raised under law, not the gospel. We should live according to our culture in a proper sense. Otherwise you can’t be human...don’t go around pointing the finger, that is the principle of antichrist. You minister Christ, not point fingers. The principle of antichrist is first to deny something of what Christ is and then to replace Christ with something else. As the basis we need the excellency of the knowledge of Christ. Because we see what a wonderful God-man is...your singing was real, your singing expressed the Lord...I believe there were a lot of happy angels. Then we realize that the Lord has to touch our natural make up thoroughly. And He knows what to do, how to do it, and when to do it. You don’t have to pray about that. All of our seeking should be positive. ‘Lord, I want to gain You in Your all-inclusiveness.’ We don’t have to sing, ‘He is certain things to me.’ Our singing should be full of hope: ‘He is everything to me.’ Knowing the heresies helps us to diagnose. Then we know what aspect of truth to bring in. Be assured, today will be a day of gaining all-inclusive Christ.

Reading:
	-	Later He actually was born of a woman (Gal. 4:4) and became the seed of woman; that is, He became a man, and through His death destroyed the devil (Heb. 2:14). This is the first place in the Scripture which speaks concerning Christ being a man.
	-	Matt. 26:63-64; Matt. 16:16-18; John 1:49-51; 14:12—God the Father reveals to us the Christ, the Son of the living God, the incarnated God, to us as the mystery of God, and this Christ reveals to us the church, the multiplication of the Son of Man, the glorified man, as the mystery of Christ. The Father reveals to us the divinity of Christ. The Son reveals to us the humanity of Christ.
	-	Romans 9:5—Christ is the infinite God!
	-	Apart from Christ as the embodiment of God, we cannot find God, because God is altogether embodied in Christ.
	-	Our God is glorious and substantial.
	-	The substance within is the source of the express image, and the expression without is the effulgence of God’s glory.
	-	As the embodiment of God, the effulgence of God’s glory, and the express image of God’s substance, Christ, the mystery of God, His story, defines, explains, and expresses God.
	-	God’s history refers to the process through which He has passed so that He may dispense Himself into His chosen people.
	-	This means that as far as existence is concerned, Christ is the very God. But concerning God’s issue, His coming out, Christ is the Son of God.
	-	Christ as the embodiment of God is related to His existence, whereas Christ as the Son of God is related to the coming out, the issue, the expression, of God.
	-	His commission is to accomplish God’s eternal purpose through His crucifixion, resurrection, ascension, and second advent, whereas His person embodies the Father and issues in the Spirit for a full expression of the Triune God.
	-	He was begotten by God in His resurrection to be the firstborn Son of God (in His humanity) among many brothers (Rom. 8:29).
	-	In His first birth He was born of Mary to be the Son of Man, and in His second birth He was born of God in resurrection to be the Son of God.
	-	Through His becoming the firstborn Son of God in resurrection, the divine life has been dispensed into all of His believers to bring forth the propagation of the very life that is embodied in Him.
	-	Christ’s being the complete God and the Son of God, the only begotten Son and the firstborn Son, are for the dispensing of God into His chosen people so that they may be His corporate expression.

Sharing:
Christ is the God-man. Christ is God. Christ is man. According to Luke 1:35 and Matthew 1:20, He was conceived of the Holy Spirit with the divine essence. According to Luke 1:31 and Galatians 4:4, He was born of a human virgin to possess the human essence. Hence He is the complete God and the perfect man. This wonderful singular person, born with two essences, is the very mingling of the divine nature and the human nature. This mingling of divinity and humanity, however, does not produce a third nature, which will be a heresy to His person, by making Him neither God nor man. He is one person with two distinct natures. His Person cannot be divided, and His natures may not be confused. He is the complete God and the perfect man! He is the wonderful God-man!
3/19/2019
EMarks
403

[Sharing]

Which verses show us that Jesus is the Father and that Jesus is the Spirit. Isa. 9:6, 2 Cor. 3:17; 4:5.

Union—the Son’s relationship with the Father in life.
Mingling—natures.
Incorporation—persons indwelling one another.

He has the essence of God and the essence of man. He is the Triune God-man. His conception was His incarnation.

Rom. 10:12. We can call audibly. Acts 9:14. Would we be arrest-able today? Gen. 4:26. When you realize you are frail, mortal, fragile...we get bothered, offended, troubled so easily...that is why we need to call on the Lord Jesus. Lam. 3:55-56. Pit is the best place to call on the Lord. Calling is spiritual breathing. Isa. 64:7. Isa. 9:6 (‘shall call His name...’)—Jesus; Emmanuel. Practical Emmanuel is the presence of the Triune God. 2 Tim. 4:22; Matt. 18:20; 28:20. Isa. 8:7-8. Land of Emmanuel—our spirit. ‘His presence means everything to us in our life and our work.’ The entire New Testament is Emmanuel. Ezek—the name of the city: Jehovah Is There. Where is ‘There?’ You are There. The ones united, mingled, and incorporated with the Triune God.

The oneness of the Body of Christ—the enlargement of the Divine Trinity.

The Vision of the God-man Typified by the Meal Offering

	I.	
	A.	No excess and no deficiency. We are not fine. When we get older, it is harder to keep things in order (family, dog, etc.). What we have is the divine economy in satanic chaos.
	B.	
	C.	Brother Lee was not one who shirked the truth. Are you a man? Yes. Is God in you? Yes. What are you? A God-man.
	D.	
	1.	He released this fire into you through His death on the cross. John 2:24. A Russian author. One of his books really touched me before I got saved—God, Satan, and man in between. A brilliant Christian (it was an oxymoron to me). His tombstone said, John 12:24.
	2.	
	E.	
	1.	
	2.	
	3.	
	F.	
	G.	
	II.	We can actually eat the human life of Jesus.
	A.	
	B.	
	1.	What is ‘all righteousness?’ To do things according to God’s ordination. The Lord entered into the ministry of the age (John’s ministry).
	2.	Psa. 90. My home is the Lord Jesus.
	3.	
	4.	
	5.	
	6.	
	7.	
	8.	
	9.	
	10.	
	11.	
	12.	
	III.	
	A.	While we are being mingled with the oil, we are being baked in the oven.
	B.	
	1.	Joined enjoyment—enjoying Jesus. God is faithful! To what? To take all our idols away.
	2.	Die daily. A quote in a brother’s room: ‘Just die one day at a time.’
	3.	
	4.	
	a)	
	b)	
	c)	
	5.	What solves all the problems in the church life is to enjoy the crucified Christ. We have problems because we are not enjoying the Lord. Enjoyment of the Lord dissipates all of our problems.
	6.	
	7.	The excellent way to do anything and to be anything is to enjoy the Lord as love—1 Cor. 13.
	8.	

Sharing:

Christ is the God-man. Christ is God. Christ is man. According to Luke 1:35 and Matthew 1:20, He was conceived of the Holy Spirit with the divine essence. According to Luke 1:31 and Galatians 4:4, He was born of a human virgin to possess the human essence. Hence He is the complete God and the perfect man. This wonderful person, born with two essences, is the very mingling of the divine nature and the human nature. This mingling of divinity and humanity, however, does not produce a third nature, which will be a heresy to His person, by making Him neither God nor man. He is one person with two distinct natures. His Person cannot be divided, and His natures may not be confused. He is the complete God and the perfect man! He is the wonderful God-man!
3/12/2019
RKangas

Answer to the question: Paul’s saying in Acts 20, God purchasing with His own blood. But He is Spirit. John 1:14—connects God with the physical realm. But that verse in itself doesn’t give a full answer. Heb. 9:14. Eternal efficacy, efficiency of His blood. But I was looking for—1 John 1:7 (the blood of Jesus His Son...). John could have said ‘the blood of Jesus.’ Then he would have limited his thought to Jesus’s humanity which is finite. So saying ‘His Son’ states it to be His blood.

Do not reason with the enemy when he is accusing you. Speak of the blood of Jesus. That will defeat him. Rev. 12:14. The enemy is not so worried about others but those who are consecrated and love the Lord...we need to learn how to counter the accusations of the enemy.

[Sharing]

Based on the word of God in purity. We never base a teaching on a single verse. In this a-systematic  written word of God. The complete God is manifested in the flesh. Inaccuracy of the traditional systematic theology. Some of us were invited to a Bible study of a Christian group in Fullerton, hostile to our ministry. A leader thought he defeated ‘the processed and consummated Triune God’ by gullibly quoting a verse from Malachi. He said to his wife that le teaches heresy. I asked him to name it. He couldn’t and he didn’t. ‘Either identify the heresies or withdraw the accusation.’ He didn’t do either. He was too proud. When we are sharing the truths with other Christians, we are not trying to defeat them. We are fighting to defend the truth, not a person.

The vast majority of Christians are unconsciously tritheists. As soon as you use the word ‘separate,’ we have three gods. They are distinct. But they are inseparable. They are all eternal, all divine, all exist at the same time, and they coinhere. If we understand this (John 14:9)...One can’t be sent without the other Two bring with Him. This is unique to the teaching in the Lord’s recovery—being released from human tradition.

1996, A&C. We offered, 3000 word essay to present their case. Still holds true. It never came.

1996, he would do this time to time. Br. Lee said, ‘Brother Ron Kangas will write a booklet, Modalism, Tritheism, and the Pure Revelation of the Triune God. No rebuttal. I don’t care what they call me. But no rebuttal shows that they don’t have the weapon to match our weapon. And it is not likely that we will finish it. You have to join us.

Outline.
Not only infinite, but also complete God.

Br. Lee said to us face to face, ‘Don’t follow me blindly.’ We follow what the Bible says.

Col. 2:9. Verse 10 follows. Deep. The Godhead is the absolute deity. The complete Triune God. And the fullness is the overflowing expression. In His physical body dwells all the fullness of the Godhead bodily.  This matches the infinite God being brought into a finite man. How can this be? I don’t know. Test everything by the word. Test everything I say by the word. If you don’t believe me now, I will see you the day after tomorrow (the kingdom).
3/2/2019
Reading:
	-	Christ possesses both divinity and humanity.
	-	In His humanity Christ accomplished His judicial redemption through His death.
	-	In His divinity Christ is carrying out His organic salvation in His resurrection.
	-	It is not enough merely to know Christ; we still need to experience and enjoy Him that we may gain Him. To experience, enjoy, and gain Him is not that simple.
	-	Incarnation:
	-	First, He brought God into man;
	-	Second, He united and mingled God with man;
	-	Third, He expressed God in His humanity and lived out God’s attributes in His human living as His human virtues;
	-	And fourth, He accomplished His judicial redemption.
	-	Inclusion:
	-	First, He was begotten as God’s firstborn Son;
	-	Second, He became the life-giving Spirit;
	-	And third, He regenerated the believers for His Body.
	-	Intensification:
	-	First, He is intensifying His organic salvation;
	-	Second, He is producing His overcomers;
	-	And third, He is consummating the New Jerusalem.

3/5/2019
1154
82
DYoon

The focus of the entire New Testament is not necessarily Christ who comforts us, consoles us, meeting our needs, and carrying for each one of us for our particular situation; it is Christ as the centrality and universality of God and of His eternal economy, the all-inclusive Christ, who carries out God’s New Testament economy in the three divine and mystical of His ministry. Paul’s quest was to know this most excellent person in the universe. In His first encounter with the glorified Christ, Paul, stunned by the question, ‘Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me.?’ ‘Who are you Lord?’ We should ask this in the morning, ‘Who are you Lord? I want to know this in an unprecedented way.’ Philippians 3—‘to know Him,’ the all-inclusive and all-extensive Christ. Paul also prophesied that we would all arrive at the full knowledge of Christ. Eventually he confessed in 2 Tim. ‘I know the very one whom I have believed.’ He got to know Him in a very personal way shortly before he got martyred. Hopefully we can say, ‘I know the one whom I have believed, and loved, treasured, enjoyed and gained throughout my entire Christian life.’ Paul counted as loss all the obtainments he gained in Judaism. Because he saw the excellent revelation of this countless person, he counted all that he could have achieved, having stayed in Judaism. Then we see he did suffer all loss (burned the bridge to Judaism)…‘the reason that I count all things has loss is that I would like to gain Christ and know Christ.’ Never [devalue] the excellency of this wonderful person revealed in the Bible under the ministry of the age. Unless we have the adequate appreciation, our enjoyment will be abnormal and our experience would be rather poor. But if we do, our experience will be normal and our enjoyment will be exceedingly rich. ‘Father, reveal your dear Son in me so I can enjoy and experience Him.’ First and foremost, we have to study all the aspects of Christ in the New Testament and then we will be brought into enjoy and experience Him. The stronger our love will be toward Him…toward the revelation in our spirit. You don’t love the Lord as you should because you haven’t studied Him. The Lord Jesus, according to God’s New Testament economy is the first human being into whom God dispensed Himself. Prior to the incarnation of Christ, God’s move was mainly with man and among man. But with the incarnation of God as the great landmark in God’s economy, God’s move is in man. We are participating in God’s move in man. But the highest, perhaps the deepest, understanding of incarnation is that God became man to make man God in life and nature but not in the Godhead. Rom. 1:3-4. The very reason God in Christ became a man, a descendant of David, a human son, is that He can become God in life and nature and in the Godhead. That His humanity may be divinized. Another insight into the incarnation of Christ as that infinite God was brought into the finite man. This is the greatest reality in this universe. ‘O glorious Christ Savior mine…’ We need to pick up this language in order for us to see that the very God-man Jesus is not just a God-man but the infinite God and finite man. Not just mingling of God and man. But the mingling of the infinite God and finite man. He did not abandon His Godhead when incarnated, did not cease to be infinite. The humanity He partook of the characteristic of finitude. The incarnated Christ—the infinite God and the finite man. It is because [of] the infinite God that all of His riches are unsearchable. Why is it that His riches are unsearchable? His wealth, immeasurable? Because He is the infinite God! After we have become the New Jerusalem about trillion years, we will never say, ‘I have heard this, I have heard that….’ Something fresh is flowing out of the throne of God and of the Lamb, unending delight from the Triune God. This should be the foretaste of the New Jerusalem today. We should explore the wonderful Christ in His unsearchable riches day by day, knowing that His riches is inexhaustible because He is the infinite God. He may be real to us through the operation of the Spirit of reality who guides us into all the reality. ‘Lord Jesus, live again in me a life of expressing God and overcoming the devil in my daily life.’ Heb. 9:26—on the cross He put away sin. That means the sinful nature, the sin in the flesh was condemned. The Lord needs to open our eyes to see that when He died on the cross, He won a victory over our sin. Sin is history! ‘Lord, make your sin condemning death real to me.’ If this becomes real to you, you will overcome sin spontaneously by walking according to the mingled spirit. 1994, the Lord’s recovery entered into the era of the highest peak of the divine revelation. For you to be immersed in the culture of the divine and mystical realm, you have to learn a new language. ‘This is the language of God.’ ‘This is Your language O Lord!’ The writings of Br. Nee and Br. Lee contains spiritual words, vivid words, express words, utterances that convey the divine and mystical things. This opens the way for us to become divine and mystical beings of God-men as the reproductions of the first God-man. When I was in my early teenage years, we didn’t have terms like ‘internet,’ ‘web browser,’ ‘website,’ ‘web address.’ But now that a new culture has emerged, new language emerged.
	I.	
	II.	
	III.	Christ, the infinite God:
	A.	If we are ever burnt out in our service, that means we have not entered into the, infinite fuel of the Triune God as the divine and mystical, inextinguishable, inexhaustible fire.
	B.	‘Unless you believe that I am (that Jesus is the Great I AM, Jehovah), you will die in your sins.’
	C.	Exo. 12—the passover lamb was roasted with fire. But not one of its bones was broken. Bone—referring to His eternal life, cd not be broken. 1 Tim. 3. In the midst of our devastation, we can enjoy the immortal, indestructible, divine life of God! The Lord Jesus, while being put to death on the cross, the Spirit within Him was made alive to invade His humanity, to divinize, deify His flesh. So we have to pray, whenever we are passing through a situation of death, ‘Lord Jesus, I call on You as the resurrection and the immortal, indestructible life…dispense Yourself into my soul, divinize my soul a little more.’
	D.	In the essential Trinity, we don’t need to speak of process and consummation. He is eternally complete in essential Trinity. Our God is immutable, unchanging, in His purpose. Ephesians 3:10-11 speak of God’s eternal purpose formed in Christ. Once He has made it in Himself, it is an eternal purpose. We need to rest assured that none of us can escape our God-ordained destiny. Jer.—God loves us with an eternal love. This is our eternal insurance policy. God’s love for His chosen people cannot change (no matter how much we fall). Psalm 33:11. ‘Who can and shall withstand God’s will?’ Eventually, during our life time, perhaps through a thousand years, He will get His purpose accomplished in each one of us.
	E.	‘The infinite life of Christ with its infinite power has entered into us. Just as He is, so also we are…we also have the infinite life of God.’
	F.	All of His attributes, love, mercy, compassion are eternal and infinite. His mercy is limitless. If we enjoy God’s infinite mercy, we can forgive one another. Phil. 3:1…He was enjoying Jesus as the infinite God.
	G.	
	IV.	The God of eternity, who knew no bounds of time became a finite man, willing to suffer the limitation of time. He was able to suffer this kind of limitation graciously without being frustrated. In the all-inclusive, Br. Lee said we need to pray, ‘Lord Jesus, You are the infinite God who became the finite man…[You have the power to be willing to be time and space].’ ‘If you want to be one with Christ and live the life of Jesus, you have to be limited.’ The divine life of the Triune God was confined in this little shell of human flesh.
	A.	
	B.	
	C.	
	D.	
	E.	‘Lord Jesus, cultivate in me a deep dependence on You.’ Make every day a Dependence Day.
	F.	
	G.	The Lord shunned publicity. He only showed His transfiguration to only three of His disciples. ‘Lord Jesus, save me from seeking glory from men.’ Skin of porpoise. Within it was gold. The divine life and nature of the Triune God.
	V.	
	A.	
	1.	
	2.	
	B.	

Sharing:
In Philippians 3:8, Paul says, “I also count all things to be loss on account of the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord.” And as it is revealed in the rest of the passage, Paul’s knowledge of Christ brought him into the very experience and enjoyment of Christ. We do not love the Lord (and enjoy the Lord) as we should because we have not studied Him.

In order to love the Lord as we should, we need to study Him. In particular, His person. And concerning His person, we have to first study and know that Jesus Christ is the Father God. John 1:18 says, “No one has ever seen God; the only begotten Son, who is in the bosom of the Father, He has declared Him.” Our Lord Jesus, being the only begotten Son of God, is the very declaration of God the Father, the expression, the manifestation of God. Hence, the Son is the invisible Father becoming manifest. When the invisible Father is seen, He is called the Son! This is proven in John 14:9, which says, “He who has seen Me has seen the Father.” He and the Father are one; He is the Father, and He is also God. Jesus Christ is God the Father, the very Author of life (Acts 3:15).
2/26/2019

RKangas
82
This class: studying the word of God in a particular way to know Christ in His divinity, humanity, God-man living, and all the aspects of His full ministry so that it may [touch] our personal life with the Lord and our church life.

Br. Lee never exaggerated anything. Never wasted a word. Integrity, truthfulness, and honesty. ‘What the Lord’s recovery will be (in its nature) and how it will be (in its operation, function) depends on how we handle this teaching [the full ministry of Christ in three stages].’ This is not just a mere thought. This is something wrought into my being. What will you do with it? What will it be? When you have the weight of the Lord’s recovery is being borne by you…This is an exceedingly important study. Every class has its own significance. We don’t measure it by others. I am watchful over the recovery all the time over this matter: are we preserving the nature of recovery? And are we carrying out the way of recovery by keeping its nature and the principle in the word of God.

Readings are very limited in amount. That should draw our attention. Why are they so few pages? Maybe 9 pages. Maybe we can zip through that in 4 minutes. Yes, your eyes and mind can do that. But it is profound, it will be hard for you to grasp. This is when PSRP came in. The brothers in Taiwan realized that this is not an easy material, we need to get this into our being…Only you are the member of the Body that you are. You are indispensable. And you are irreplaceable. No one has your portion of Christ other than you. You need to realize this concerning yourself, that you were created for a reason, saved for a reason. The Lord is shaping you and developing you for a particular reason and you are one of the members. I mention this because you may have a point and 17 are standing up and 4 others have already spoken on the same point. So the thought may come that, ‘What is the point? I might as well sit down.’ Yes, you will share the same point, but if you decided not to, we are deprived of tasting grace that is with your spirit, not benefiting from the life that is flowing in you.

Overview. Then discover what are the central points (not the intricate details). Just realize that for the rest of your life, maybe in the kingdom age, who knows, in the New Jerusalem, we will still be [???] the Lord. The first part is the apostles’ teaching. We follow the Word, and we follow the ministry that opens the Word. But we don’t follow any person as a person. ‘…Remembering from those you learned them.’ We remember the ones from whom we learned them. But we teach the teachings. And we search the Scriptures to be sure this is so. Why do we follow apostles’ teaching? There is a flow of thought behind this. Heb. 3:1—The Lord Jesus was the Apostle sent from God. He Himself was at first Apostle. And He appointed the twelve. Let’s consider what the first Apostle thought about His teaching. End of Matthew 7, after the Lord has spoken about the constitution of the kingdom of the heavens, we read in the last two verses—‘…Christ were astounded at His teaching, for He taught them as one having authority, and not like their scribes.’ Scribes were those trained in the Old Testament Scriptures. But here is a carpenter, a Nazarene, speaking words that amaze them and they realize that He has authority. His teaching has authority. But in John we can see how the Lord Himself understood His teaching. 7:16—‘Jesus therefore answered them and said, My teaching is not mine but His who sent Me.’ He is God incarnate. But in His ministry, His position is, ‘I don’t teach anything out from Myself. It is not Me. I am not the one originating this teaching.’ ‘He who speaks from himself seeks his own glory.’ The Lord as the first Apostle taught with authority. We should not, by the way, look down on ordinary people. They have a God-created capacity to recognize what is real. Clearly the Lord never spoke from Himself, that is, from His soul with His soul-life. Even He was sinless, He did not speak from Himself. I don’t know what will happen if this was spoken…this I know, ‘you speak from yourself, all of you.’ I gave my first sermon when I was 16. Only one was pure. Then after that it was all self-glory. I remember vividly, my experience when I first saw him speak. Saw. I had been in the recovery for 6 months. I had had a high level of theological education from Princeton and elsewhere. But I didn’t know life. I was in the first stage…in a basic level. But as he was speaking, two words went through me, ‘No self.’ All that I knew and did was an expression of the self. Then within me, there was a deep respect for the experiences that brought him to that point. Then there was the simple prayer. Not to imitate him. But that I would walk in the same steps what will have this kind of result. So in Br. Lee’s ministry, there is no speaking from the self. That is why the Spirit can honor it. We don’t equate it with the Bible. But in us there is a sense of assurance that what is ministered really has its source in the Lord. Now I want to strengthen what the Lord say about His speaking with two other verses—John 8:28, ‘…then you will know that I am, and that I do nothing from Myself. But as My Father has taught Me, I speak these things.’ When and how did the Father teach Him? Did the Father conduct a course with the Son before incarnation to say, ‘Son, I am going to send You to earth to teach…You better memorize [this].’ John 14—The Father was dwelling in the Son. And the Father who was dwelling in the Son would teach the Son what to say. And whatever the Son heard, that is what He spoke. So His testimony was not only that ‘My teaching is not Mine,’ but that ‘As My Father as taught Me, I speak these things.’ This is for the future. You will need to learn how to speak all over again. Especially when you are announcing the gospel, when you are shepherded the young people, when you are in a mutual fellowship and group meeting, when you are prophesying on the Lord’s day, and giving messages in conferences…and you will. And don’t try to do it. The Lord knows when to start instructing you when not to start speaking from yourself. John 12:48—‘…but to save the world. He who rejects Me…the words which I have spoken that will judge him in the last day…for I have not spoken from myself. I am deliberately spending the time here. Here is the Son of God, the God-man in His ministry. He is called the Teacher. But the Teacher only taught what the Father gave Him to speak. Now we need to advance from Son to the Spirit. John 16:12-15—‘…but when He…He will guide you into all the reality.’ He not only leads (somewhat distant), but guides (close to you) us. ‘…for He will not speak from Himself…’ Now we have the spirit of reality, which is the resurrected Christ transfigured. Still the Spirit is distinct from the Son, although not separate. Now we have the Spirit. This is in the Godhead. The Spirit doesn’t say, ‘I am here now, and I’ve got things to say.’ No, the Spirit receives everything from the Son, who received everything from the Father. Now the Spirit receives from the Son. The Spirit does not speak from Himself. Isn’t this clear? This is among the Godhead. Now the apostles come in. 1 Cor. 2:9—‘But as it is written…’ Now you have the apostles, speaking what they have received from the Spirit. ‘…Which things we also speak, not in words taught by human wisdom, but in words taught by the Spirit…’ What are they (the apostles) speaking, teaching? Certainly a man like Saul of Tarsus, who became Paul, he wasn’t genius. At least he had a very high intelligence. Such persons have all kinds of thoughts. I believe John in another way was very deep and thoughtful person. Apostles didn’t walk around and say, ‘We are apostles and you are not…Now we are here and we have authority.’ This is an alien attitude. No such thing. First, Paul says, ‘We receive everything from the Spirit.’ The source is the Spirit. It is not from ourselves. It is the Spirit of God who has received these things to us. And now we are speaking them. So it is not only the content that is from the Spirit, the things, that are from the Spirit, but we speak in words taught by the Spirit. ‘Utterance.’ Utterance is radically different from someone being eloquent. Eloquence is natural capacity is the ability speak…without difficulty. One of the greatest fear, public speaking, unnerving. If you are eloquent, I don’t hold it against you. Don’t try to act like what you are not until you are different by transformation. The eloquent ones get Christ in the seminaries for their preaching. But this has nothing to do with the apostles’ teaching. It is an utterance. And the Spirit gives you words to utter it. And this characterizes the ministry of Br. Nee and Br. Lee. Again, we don’t equate their words and the words that are in the Bible. That is a serious error. Obviously, the only source is God the Father. And God the Father is in the incarnated Son who speaks with authority, but He says He doesn’t speak His own things. Then we have the Spirit, and the Spirit does not speak from Himself. He speaks what He has received from the Father…and the apostles now speaks but with utterance received from the Spirit. That is why the apostles’ teaching is the teaching with authority. When the apostles teach something with words taught by the Spirit, they are following the Spirit. The Spirit is receiving everything from the Son who receives everything from the Father. So the apostles teaching have the authority because of its source and its sequence. They have, even severely, been trained in the mingled spirit. Here is Peter, who has so much to say…in Matt. 16 (‘Get behind Me Satan.’). How can such a person preach the gospel? Paul: he is so strong in himself, so quick. But the contrast is in 1 Cor. 7. He says, ‘I’ve got a word from the Lord…I don’t have a word from the Lord, but I give you my opinion as one who has received a mercy to be faithful.’ Then he says, ‘I think the Spirit is with me…’ When we read, we realize, surely you are one spirit with the Lord…to the degree that even his opinion expresses the mind of the Lord. Anything teaching from the ministry that is keeping from the apostles' teaching…Paul charged Timothy not to charge certain ones not to teach differently. If someone is teaching differently what is the source? Human mind, that is from the self. And if you go a step deeper, the source is Satan, who is behind the scene. That is what it is so serious to teach anything differently from the apostles’ teaching. And it is serious to overemphasize something the apostles did not emphasize. You are extracting something for whatever personal interest and emphasizing it that is way out of proportion. The emphasis is on the Body of Christ, the new man, the kingdom, the tree of life. These are the emphases and these should by ours also. The reason I have such confidence in the ministry of the age and the ministers of the age is that in principle they passed through the same process that the apostles did. Br. Nee had an incredible, photographic memory. His brother-in-law, Samuel Chang, told us, that they tested him. Everything was in his mind. So he had this so-called photographic memory, a colossal intellect…the Lord need such one to…the entire Christian thought. Yet, he will take the lead to tell you, ‘I don’t trust in myself…’ Br. Lee, the same. But we do not follow any person as a person. We follow the vision, the truth, the apostles’ teaching, conveyed to us through the ministry of any person.

	I.	The apostles’ teaching is the entire speaking of God in the New Testament—Acts 2:42; Heb. 1:2a:
	A.	His speaking in the Son as a Man in the four Gospels.- Then the Son ascends and leaves everything in the hands of these eleven apostles and then one He later added. They were [young]. This is His way. We are not going to disregard the older saints. But you we do a lot, even when you are young.
	B.	His speaking in the Son as the Spirit through the apostles in Acts and the twenty-one Epistles from Romans to Jude.- Not directly speaking, but still in the apostles.
	C.	His speaking in the Son as the seven Spirits through the apostles in Revelation—Rev. 1:1-2; 2:1, 7.- He intensifies Himself economically and speaks to John.
	II.	The apostles’ teaching is the unique teaching of God’s New Testament economy (1 Tim. 1:3-4) concerning the full ministry of Christ in three stages.- ‘Unique’ means that it is one and only. And its uniqueness is related to God’s New Testament economy and to the central matters. This will develop in you gradually…Prophecy concerning the Lord’s coming and the rapture. We believe that we have the correct understanding of the apostles’ teaching concerning other matters. Not everything in detail has been revealed. But when it comes to God’s economy, this has to be our emphasis, which is the full ministry of Christ in three stages.
	A.	In the first stage of incarnation:
	1.	To bring the infinite God into the finite man.- This will require some thought. What an incredible utterance. He is an infinite God yet finite man. He understands me yet He can fully take care of us.
	2.	To unite, mingle, and incorporate the Triune God with the tripartite man.- Matters of life, nature, and persons, persons indwelling one another.
	3.	To express in His humanity the bountiful God in His rich attributes through His aromatic virtues.- Because you are here and because you are dear, the general subject is, The Wonderful Christ in the Canon of the New Testament. Canon—the official books. The difference between an ethical person and a God-man Jesus. There is no way to adequately describe what kind of person He was. He was very human but something divine was expressed in His humanity. There is no other person who lived like this. You say ‘moral,’ that is short. Ethical, it is inadequate. If you say, spiritual, what does that mean? So the ministry presents to us…He is not trying to make us ethical, but to reproduce Himself in all of us.
	4.	To accomplish His all-inclusive judicial redemption.- We need to lay a foundation in your being concerning your judicial redemption. Br. Lee gave message, maybe about, 1968, on justification, on the blood of Jesus, having faith in the blood and God’s righteousness. He said, ‘I am concerned for you if you have some kind of failure you won’t know what do to. You are not clear about the way to the righteousness of God, the blood of Jesus.’ In other words, the brother didn’t have a foundation about the redemption of Christ…Sin offering, trespass offering. This is the foundation. Sisters, I know, you know the Lord more than the brothers do. That is just the way you are. The examples of loving the Lord in the New Testament is not tough guys. You are more experiential and deeper. So we need you experientially…we need to become the bride. But let’s establish this so we know what to do. Because the enemy attacks. He tempts and we have failures and he accuses. We need to know how to restore our fellowship immediately.
	B.	In the second stage of inclusion:- Why are we using the word ‘inclusion?’ Not for alliteration. We use it because in resurrection the Spirit (Son???) of God became the all-inclusive Spirit.
	1.	To be begotten as God’s firstborn Son.
	2.	To become the life-giving Spirit.
	3.	To regenerate the believers for His Body.
	C.	In the third stage of intensification:- It is sevenfold intensification of everything in the all-inclusive Spirit (life, love, grace, everything). Don’t be afraid of it. Because He intensifies, He can do a lot in a month. When the present fourth termers, when they are up here, we will have a realization that the Lord has done a lot. We are not going to be ‘rapture-ready.’
	1.	To intensify His organic salvation.
	2.	To produce the overcomers.
	3.	To consummate the New Jerusalem.
	III.	In order to be a co-worker of God (2 Cor. 6:1), there are two precious points we must care for:- Now we focus on the person. We should have such a spirit (‘I press on’) constantly.
	A.	We need to know Christ (Phil. 3:10) particularly in four points:
	1.	He is both God and man.
	2.	He possesses both divinity and humanity.
	3.	In His humanity He accomplished His judicial redemption through His death.- Acts 20, Paul is speaking to the elders…to shepherd the church of God which God purchased with His own blood. However, John 4:24 says God is Spirit. Spirit does not have blood. Then how can God purchase the church with His own blood? Send the answer: 714-726-6988. Or email ron@lsm.org.
	4.	In His divinity He is carrying out His organic salvation in His resurrection.- We need to know Christ in His divine and humanity. But this is our goal:
	B.	We need to experience and enjoy Christ (to gain Christ—Phil. 3:8) in His full ministry in His three divine and mystical stages.- Mystical doesn’t mean mysterious. It means something that cannot be grasped or understood thoroughly (beyond the physical). There is a mystical aspect to His ministry. We can substantiate this by our human spirit.
In our learning, we need to go in a sequence. It takes two years. Then historically, there is a development. The Lord is the God-man on the earth. Then became the Spirit. Then intensified. But now, for our experience, all of this is one reality. In our work, we need to announce Christ in His redemption in His first stage. Then in the church we need to announce Christ…as the Spirit…then when we are in extremely challenging situation, we need to be intensified sevenfold. Just let Him do it.

Reading Assignment: HCE, 9-15, 41-43


4/18/2019
Reading:
	⁃	Christ was begotten to be the firstborn Son of God with humanity uplifted to the divine standard in and by His resurrection.
	⁃	The Lord dwells in us to build Himself into our being and to build us into His being. He builds the redeemed, uplifted man in Christ?s resurrection into divinity. Christ builds this man into Himself.

4/23/2019
839
DHigashi
Boston. Harvard Yard. George or Martha probably used the garden to pray. We are their next-door. There is something about having housing near campus. I hope you all get a house. Spend some amount of your young adult life near campus. You can become gates. We are carrying on our shoulders judicial redemption to the college campuses (Kohathites). Allowing the students to enter into God. They also carry the incense altar. There is the opportunity for the students to enter in through judicial redemption all the way to organic salvation. UCLA(?) We had our home open. We left the guest book out. We had close to a thousand people that passed through our house that year…we became the gates. So there is the opportunity to have fellowship. By the fact that not paying attention to ourselves, not focusing on ourselves, we’ve entered into something of the church life. The reason why I am speaking this, I didn’t have this intention, is because when I see all of you, I see potential houses where each house can be a shepherd’s tent. Wherever you live, don’t live in an isolated way. If we don’t see this sometimes, it is easier to get into this track of just the American lifestyle. We find ourselves having nice everything but no fruit. If your house is far the students will still come but we just have to make the way. But there is also a way when you are right near a campus. On Friday afternoon, no one left on campus (especially during skiing season). But we met this unbeliever on campus by himself. That is the best time to preach the gospel. Because he couldn’t go to the ski trip he came and got saved and entered into the church life. So we were there and having the opportunity to be close by, you just never know which ones you will touch. It doesn’t mean that they will enter in right away. There is the seed sown into them. We don’t know when that seed will sprout. The intrinsic matter along with the practical points of gaining the new ones is undoubtedly through prayer, Spirit, and the Word with homes. How many times homes saved you, turned you, courage you. We contacted a sister on campus. And she was there and she was with us. She was beginning to enjoy the Lord. But she was involved in Theatre Arts. She had an opportunity to a very prominent role in Broadway Musical. She was at a certain point where she had to make a decision. I remember she was at our house. By that time our second daughter was in college. They knew one another. Over the course of her senior year, she was here but she also had her career. So she, her family, everything is was towards that direction. We didn’t want to stop her, that wasn’t our intention. She just wanted to [feed] her. One night after a meeting she was there, close to midnight. She knew how to play the piano. We started singing. She went back and forth from couch, crying and playing (and singing). On that Monday we heard that she decided not to be the candidate but instead be in the church life. She has tasted something of Christ. She tasted the joy, she tasted the enjoyment. Her family almost excommunicated her. We bore some grunt and accusation. But she made a decision. Within short period of time she was in the FTTA. She is not a mom and migrated to another locality, having a home right next to a campus. She tasted something and she wants others to taste the same thing. If we can be a gate, that would be the best thing. We can have the opportunity for others. My point is, coming back to the SJR houses…the New Jerusalem has twelve gates and one high wall. The Triune God and the entrance into the Triune God…That was spontaneous.

[Practical Points Concerning Blending]. The reason why this is so critical is, we have the Body of Christ in term but not in practicality. When Br. Lee opened up this matter of the local churches being not the purpose of God’s economy but procedure, this in itself was a huge light. These messages were given 1994, over 20 years ago, 25 years. The Lord as the Triune God has comeback to speak to His recovery. This means that we are still short. This involves not just understanding but living. In other words, how do we live? Where do we live? Our living, you don’t have to be educated, per se, to live. We have the terminology of the Body of Christ. But we don’t have the practicality of living the Body of Christ. We have a coordinated local church…but that is not the goal. The intrinsic goal of God’s economy is not to have the Body of Christ is theory but for it to be lived out in actuality. Otherwise we don’t need the so-called Body of Christ. We are just believers in a local church. If we don’t have the view of the Body of Christ, we are just believers in a local church. Whether I participate in a local church or not is really not that important. But if we go on to see that the Body of Christ is not a matter of believers but of members…we can’t live without it. Our lungs depend upon our living. It is related to our individual living put together to have a corporate living. There is a distinction between the Body of Christ in term and the reality of the Body of Christ in actuality. Br. Nee began to talk about the Body of Christ 80 years ago. What was the outcome? The turmoil that kept him out of the ministry for 6 years. It wasn’t that the saints didn’t appreciate but that they didn’t understand it. It was like playing music to the cows. When the matter of the Body of Christ was mentioned, it was a great opposition. When Br. Lee came to this country, it was the divine Spirit mingled with the human spirit. The enjoyment…calling on the Lord. God’s economy. What great truths. Then we reached the highest peak. It is not enough to know about the Body of Christ. We’ve read this book again and again and again. The Lord is not just interested in our knowledge about the Body of Christ. But how does it affect our living? How do we live when we are by ourselves? Not just when we are with others. We may have the impression that according to the outline the reality of the Body of Christ is when we are corporately together there is the reality of the Body of Christ. No. It is the corporate living, the aggregate of the individuals’ living in the reality of the organic union. This [Practical Lessons on the Experience of Life] was a follow up to the Experience of Life. This book is the application of the experience of life. One of the chapters is on the inner sense of life. The individual living aggregately becomes a corporate living. What perfects us (perfected God-man)? The inner sense of life. Every life has a sense. And every life has a living according to that inner sense. So Br. Lee gives a contrast here on the inner sense of life. When you have the vanity of the mind, the mind of the unbelievers, we become darkened in our understanding. We look at things and our understanding is actually darkened. And then to have a darkened understanding and to be in the vanity of the mind is actually not to have the sense of life or the consciousness from the life of God. God’s life has a sense…just like our human life has a sense. That is how I live, we live by our senses. We don’t have to be so-called ‘educated,’ it is a sense. In the same way the divine life is very strong in its sense. Those who are past feeling… ‘Having cast off all feeling.’ That means the life of God is related to our sense of life, sense of feeling. The Greek meaning is ‘having ceased to care.’ We should never come to this point in our experience where we cease to care. ‘In order to know the spirit of our mind, we know the inner consciousness of life.’ Not only know it but we need to follow it. It is by the inner consciousness of life, the inner, deeper feeling of life, that we know the spirit of our mind. The inner sense of life is related to life. With any kind of life there is certain kind of sense. There is no animal without a sense.’ Even a little fly has a sense because it has life. You can’t catch him because it has a sense. ‘The higher the life is, the higher the sense is…we have the divine life within us and the divine life has the divine inner sense.’ And we are learning as believers how to follow and recognize the inner life. When we do that we become the perfected God-man. It is the function of the life, the divine life within us. Now I recognize what is the divine life within us and what is the sense and how it should go. The inner sense of life has very much to do with our daily walk…we could be in whatever condition…but we may not be in the reality of the Body of Christ, which is to be one with the Lord. Spiritual seeing, spiritual knowledge, and spiritual understanding, is the spiritual sense…We don’t know if we are walking according to the spirit many times. But we know if we are walking to dancing. We are just ‘enjoying’ a certain thought. That can just take us away from the enjoyment of Christ. Whatever it is, the sense of life is innate within us and can be strengthened in us. Every time we call on the Lord, contact the Lord (you are forced to do this in the training)…it is because we want you to have a strengthened, a strong spirit within. Then your sense of life is strengthened. Why is it that a blind man has a strong sense of hearing? It is the same with us. Not to impose on others but to have affect on our living. The inner sense being the regulating, the law of life. If we exercise just to be right all the time, we are in for a terrible future. The sense of life regulates us much, much more than the information manual because it regulates our mind. Regulates what we think, what we hope, what we dream about. The sense of life regulates that. I am not saying don’t think about what you will do in the future. But sometimes we get off to this field, this realm, and we just drift away with all the different scenarios. Then we realize the sense of life is just gone within. The sense of life, the reality of the Body of Christ, is that we come back to the Lord. That is the regulation, that is causing us to live, being perfected as God-man to live in a certain way. That is the denying of the natural life. That is the life living in resurrection. Automatically we experience the resurrection life of Christ…and our mind gets renewed. The sense of life coming from Christ living in us, from God operating in us. The need of our obedience to the sense of life. The need of our mingling living to be in the experience of the reality of the Body of Christ. How? By obeying the inner sense of life. The truth is profound. The experience is easy to enter into. Since we know these matters, we must take care of our obedience to them. As obedient Christians, we must obey our inner working of God, the inner sense. This is how we live. Our spirits need to be strengthened, our minds need to be renewed, our emotions need to love the Lord with our whole being, our will needs to choose the Lord. All these items; inwardly we are being renewed. And then we all have a sense within, a sense of life. Life, peace, joy. Sometimes I am talking to a fourth termer. ‘Brother Dennis, I am going to serve full-time.’ I think to myself, ‘You don’t look that happy.’ ‘I think this is the right thing to do.’ I tell them, ‘Don’t, go back to the Lord.’ You are not following because it is popular, you are not following because it is unpopular. Follow the sense of life within you. When you are faithful to follow the sense of life within, we will have a stronger sense. In other words, even if we decide to follow the Lord, go back to school or serve full-time, there should be life with peace and the corresponding joy. ‘Lord, thank You, that in whatever I am doing I can still be one with You. In this next step keep me and bring me stronger into the reality of the Body of Christ. May I be perfected to live the life of the God-man.’ We may obey many teachings but we may be disobedient to the inner sense. In the second year we know how to follow all the regulations. Yet we are still rebellious to the inner sense. When we follow the Lord, even in a small and simple way…you are the most joyful one. You become a gate in the fire station. Our experience of living in the reality of the Body of Christ, I don’t want to oversimplify. But it is really the matter of not only having the sense of life but obeying it. Don’t analyze, ‘Is it the sense of life? Is it not the sense of life?’ Obviously if you are going dancing, the sense of life will be very strong in being against it…The hardest thing for me is to see unhappy trainees. It is okay to struggle. But struggling should not be our characteristic. The joy of the Lord really becomes what we follow. When we follow the inner sense of life, we have the resulting joy. Not fun but joy. Joy is related to something very inward. There is just peace there. I hope that I am not distracting you from the points here related to blending. The reality of the Body of Christ is related to our living, not just to our knowing. We all ‘know’ the Body of Christ. But where is the reality of the Body of Christ. We want to live in the reality of the Body of Christ by following the inner sense.

6/25/2019
DSady
894
I appreciated Br. Lee’s prayer at the beginning of this chapter, asking the Lord to exercise His throne, His authority, in dealing with the problems that were attacking, the rumors, the innuendos that were there at that time, and realizing the lack of capacities in ourselves. We really need to Lord’s speaking, blessing. If you look at Ephesians 4:12-13, there is a process (“Until we all arrive…”). This is the full growth in life and the full growth of the Body in life that will consummate this age and bring in the next age. While we are on this way, the enemy attacks. And he tracks the mind, he attacks the emotion, he attacks the will. The gates of Hades trying to prevail. And the likelihood that he can prevail depends very much on our growth in life. Walking in the light, growing in life, and holding to, as it says, to the Head, so that out from Him we can do the work of building up the Body. This work proceeds even in the midst of attack. We are in a dark age, a satanic situation in which we are and live. We are redeemed and regenerated out of the kingdom of darkness into the kingdom of light, the Son of God’s love. But the enemy is always crouching. The Lord warned Cain that as his disappointment was stirred up, it was there, sin was crouching at the door. The enemy, one with his flesh was ready to take him over. So, even at the end of this chapter, it talks about hatred. Surely it is not the right spirit. The accusations against the elders, against the coworkers, against Br. Lee; all of these are very long sphere(?)…He put the word into the saints. Certainly we want to water that word. But the word of God’s economy was planted there by the Father. Surely there is the minister of the age. Paul said that it was given to him to complete the word of God. And there has been the recovery of that word. This isn’t to dream nor is it a vain proclamation. It is a simple fact. As we recognize the ministry of the age, the truths of the Triune God, tripartite man, the process of organic salvation that is taking place, God’s economy and its goal, then we see the whole Bible opened up. What is this? Who can do this? Libraries are full of Christian books, especially if you go to (good) seminaries. Volumes and volumes and volumes. But none of that speak this ministry. [The] opposers complain that we have one view of the whole Bible, one view of what God does. This is true. Genesis to Revelation. Culminating not only in the Body, the church, but also the fellowship of the churches in the Body. There is an enemy who is attacking. And he attacks through people. And those people are not our enemies. But the enemy is embodied and uses them. So Paul says that we need to stop the mouths of such ones. How do we stop their mouths? Two things. One is the facts. When they attack, accuse. They are speaking innuendos as though they are facts. They are speaking things that maybe a half truth but they speak the deceptive half as a fact. So we have to know what is the fact. Are we in a position to know the fact? One time one of the coworkers came to Br. Lee and asked him a matter. Br. Lee said, “Has the Lord assigned that to you?” If the Lord has not assigned something, then you are going to know. And you have to trust the brothers. You have to trust those to whom it is assigned. In your service, after you leave the training, there will be things that you won't know why. It is not assigned to you. This happens to children all the time. Isn’t it? My mother had a favorite saying, “Because I said so.” I was simple enough to say, “Oh, okay.” Those who bear the responsibility bear a great responsibility. And if they abuse that, if they don’t get the word from the Lord…we aren’t helped by challenging but by going to the Lord. We can be under a bad leadership for decades. It will not hurt you. You will learn a lesson. Samuel was under a terrible leadership, wasn't he? He learned all kinds of lessons and became a useful vessel to the Lord. It is much better to take from the Lord the leadership…and learn from them. There is an opposition to having one publication were in the Lord’s recovery. And DCP, when the coworkers decided that we should publish, there was a very good fellowship that all of our writings should be checked by the LSM editorial so that there is the confidence in the saints that they can read that material. It doesn’t mean you can’t read anything else. That doesn’t mean you are not the church if you don’t read anything from the LSM. But it does means that there is one publication work in the Lord’s work of the Lord’s recovery. How do we know that the coworkers are co-working? Because they have one speaking. They are all speaking God’s economy. Why wouldn't we bring our writings to be checked by those who have the insight, the foresight, who bring us God’s economy. There was a booklet we published and it goes back to Titus Chu’s days…they said that the one publication booklet that the coworkers put out and is available online, LivingStream.org/onepublication, doesn’t allow the saints to read what they want. What they are really objecting to is not that the saints or the churches have to read it, but that they couldn't write different teachings and publish them without the saints being warned that this is not a part of the one work in the Lord’s recovery. Titus was publishing his own things. Then others among them began to publishing their own things. One of the things addressed was the teaching of the autonomy, which [they said] extends to…They wrote books on that subject. At least three. I don’t know if you looked up to read what kind of people they were. In order to give heed to myths. What kind of myths? What does this Greek word refer to? Words, speeches, and conversations concerning such things as rumors. Rumors. Nobody knows what really happened except those that really do know and have the information. So you make up a rumor. Not you, but someone makes up a rumor in order to defame, in order to teardown, in order to discredit the ministry and the work of the Lord today. Are their feelings hurt? Offenses. Are they [wanting] to receive honor and glory? There are such motives among believers. Or are they simply given to suspicion? The accuser of the brethren. Myths, rumors, reports, true or false stories and fictions. Rumors are terrible. They run like wild fire. Brother Hank Hannegraft(?) has a saying that the rumors go half way around the world—today, I would say, all the way around the world—before the truth can begin to get its acts together. Somebody can say a little lie. To unpack that lie and explain it takes volumes because you have to show in the word and in the facts. This is why trials take sometimes weeks and months. And before that there is the period of discovery to find truths that may last years. Yet it is all to discover one hidden thing. Take heed how you hear…The enemy comes in with winds of teaching…Someone published a hymn recently. They changed the wording to “rejoice that they are out of the Lord’s recovery.” A brother refused [to listen]. Glorious freedom. [Their] ‘freedom’ is rebellion. Not many but there are…When a brother was quarantined, received him. That church ended up in a great deal with trouble. Some of their college age shepherded by a quarantined brother. You just invite the enemy to come in and damage lives. We had fellowship with some of these elders. And these coworkers fellowshipping several different (at least two) regions, and one of them said, Why don’t we just make the decision with the brothers where we are? Autonomy in the matter in which there is no autonomy. One Body. If you have typhoid fever, you won’t be quarantined from one town. You will be quarantined period. Put on an island. Then no delegated authority. It is clear that that brother didn’t believe in coworkers having any authority over the church. Well, I guess that is why Paul wrote to the church in Corinth, “You want me to come to you in a certain heavy handed way? Do I need to discipline? How dare you…” No instead, they took a turn. Paul in 2 Corinthians told them that they had such zeal, such absoluteness in receiving the word. I remember, back in the 70s, young people on the West Coast, especially, and I would say, “we,” we went off the cliff, off the deep-end. And Br. Lee was so disheartened and expressed his grief and questioning of his own ministry that we can be so off. And some of the saints took that rebuke and did not accept it. And the next storm carried them away. But for others that was like a hot shower, washing away the dirt, allusion; a cold shower waking us up to our fallen nature, and energizing us back into God’s economy. Democracy instead of theocracy. Let’s rise up, overthrow. Even talking about woman’s rights. What about the Bible? There are woman’s rights in society. But actually none of have rights. Wives have to submit to husbands. And it tells the husbands, “in like manner, love your wives.” Br. Lee says, “that means you have to be willing to die.” That means honor to the uttermost. That is not fifty percent honor. It is a hundred percent submission. There is the MeToo movement. Then there is the MeToo in the church. In any large group of people there are some bad apples. Aren’t there? Every politician is not a criminal. But there are criminals out there. So things happen. Br. Lee talked about, he gave a beautiful message, I forget the number now, in Life-study, chicken feathers and bones and claws. You need to eat the meat. Brother Paul was so strong. He refers to the Judaizers as mutilators. Does that offend you? Are you offended for the sake of the Jews? God told them to do it. But Paul was so clear about the New Testament ministry, the change of the age, that he calls it mutilation. And then says, “we are the real circumcision, who have no trust in the flesh.” We need to overthrow the god of this age in relation to the things of gender, sexuality, rights. Forget about it. That is all turning God’s economy on its head. We are one in Christ, not in United Nations. Certain not in all the political things. Theocracy is a terrible matter. If you remember (in ECAL), when Br. Lee was quite definite that there has to be an arrangement in the church services where no new one cannot. They need to serve. And then when they serve, they will serve with their flesh. We have to tell them, “You can’t do that.” They will get offended and withdraw. Then you need to go to them and tell them, “You can’t do that. You need to serve.” This is theocracy. We can’t do this in our flesh. We can’t tell people to not serve in the flesh. We have to do it in right spirit and right way. We should all learn this. There is an even statement, “Don’t ask for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for you.” Don’t ask who is in the flesh. It is me. If we are such ones, we will pass through the cross very quickly, and enter the Body life. But this is not the spirit of this age. The spirit of this age is self-righteousness, accusations. Look at our politicians. No, not one. Full of undermining half-truths. You get used to it. This is not so in the church. The light has to shine through the precious stones. The river of water of life is crystal clear, it is bright. A bright river. The Son is a lamp holding God as light. And we receive that light in the face of Jesus. But that face usually appears to us in a face of a saint. We have to be transparent without any darkness. Do the right thing in the right way with the right spirit. Doing the right thing is not easy. It requires us to practice theocracy. Who is my head? Christ is my Head. Who is the head of the church? It is Christ. In one place Br. Lee talks about, you know, you have rumors, half-truths, sometimes you have truths. But has the Lord told you to speak that? One of the biggest dealings for my wife is that I cannot tell her what I do a large part of the time. How was the brother’s meeting? Good. What did you talk about? Shrug. Not because it was rumors even. We haven’t announced to the saints. She is not part of the eldership. Until we release it it is not for anybody else. Some people might like to, “Oh, you know what I know, I heard this from brother so and so.” Are you commissioned to talk about what you heard, what you saw? Maybe you see an elder lose his temper. How do you benefit the church? Maybe you go to him alone. That is the scriptural way, if you think he doesn’t realize, and he may not. We spread death. The tongue—James in practical Christian perfection spoke of the tongue—sets in motion the wheels of the gates of Hades. Exposing brothers. Love covers multitude of sins. That doesn’t mean we cover up the legalities. That doesn’t mean we don’t fellowship with those who are position to deal with things that need to be dealt with. At least they need an awareness. But we all have to be in the theocracy. I believe if a third is in theocracy, that church would be progressive very well. That third will receive the kingdom coming…righteousness, peace, joy in the church life. So we have to guard are hearts and spiritual future...They maybe in the church life but they are finished. Be careful what you hear.
6/11/2019
DDong
12
1226

Well, this conference Br. Lee gave everything is intrinsic concerning the Body, the church. Intrinsic means it is not outward. It is easy for us to pay attention to the things outward. But we have to realize that what the Lord is doing is something intrinsic. We have a problem…with teach race, the culture, background, history…are different. If we pay attention to these outward difference, we will be in trouble. The golden lampstand. The shape is Christ, the shining is the Spirit.

What is the Lord looking at in a local church is whether or not you have the Body of Christ, not whether you have done the right thing or the wrong thing. If you are an elder in a local church and only care for right thing and wrong thing, how are we different from the pharisees? They are doing the same thing, doing the right thing…But the Lord Jesus came and said, “Woe to you!” We don’t do that. We have to realize, in the universe there is only one Body. And this Body is intrinsic.

[What] is the source of that fellowship? The divine life. That which was from the beginning, that which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, and our hands handled, concerning the word of life. This word of life became embodied, visible. You can see with your eyes. You can behold, not just see it. Behold is more concentrated. John testified that he had beheld the Word of life. John should have said, “I beheld the Lord Jesus.” No, he said, “I beheld the Word of life.” This is incarnation of the word of life. This person flows, manifests the word of life. “We,” not just John but all the apostle, “report also to you.” We believe, we receive the gospel of the truth and we are regenerated. We have the life in us. “That you may also have the word of life?” No, it doesn’t say that. It says, “that you may also have fellowship with us…” As I flow out, I fellowship with you and you also participate in the fellowship. My joy will be full. Something flowing out and you also enjoy the same flow. The thing is, that really touched me is, He is talking about the word of life. John 1:14, “The Word had became flesh.” The Word is a person, flesh. But this flesh, by the time John wrote the epistles, He had gone through death and resurrection, the life-giving Spirit. The source of that fellowship is the Father, the Son, the Triune God. 2 Cor. 13:14. Where does the fellowship come from? It is of the Holy Spirit. The Father is the source, the Son is the element, and the Spirit is the flow, or the essence. With this we can all participate in the Triune God. I think we all know this. I pray that you can see a revelation. May the Lord reveal this to us.

Bottom of page 56 to top of page 57. “First, the fellowship is something of the divine life…” The word of life was a person. He was incarnated as a person. 1 Cor. 1:9. Here is the fellowship. Jesus Christ our Lord. The Triune God has been processed as Jesus. Jesus is the whole Triune God embodied…He is not only Jesus. He is also the Christ. He is the one who is commissioned by the Father to carry out the Father’s economy. And this one, through death and resurrection and ascension, is made the Lord and the Christ. He is the King of the rulers of the earth, He is the universal Administrator. He is not just “I am on the throne!” No. He is the fellowship!

Bottom of page 60. The source of the fellowship. Before Christ came, before He was incarnated, before He began the process, within the eternal past, the Triune God, within God Himself, there was a fellowship. It was the Father, the Son, and the Spirit in fellowship. They are enjoying one another, participating in one another. They are just, I don’t know what it is. Fellowship. We call it coinherence. Then in the Godhead, in His economy, you heard about essential Trinity and economical Trinity. The essential Trinity is that fellowship. We don’t care, we don’t know who is who. Do you know where the Father is? Where is the Father? We don’t know because it is the fellowship. The Father is in the Son, the Son is in the Father. The Father is in the Spirit. We don’t know where they are. That is the Godhead. But in His economy, it was decided that the Son would take the lower position. Before He emptied Himself, they had to decided which one will be the Son. The Son agreed to be the Son. They decided, this is the Father, this is the Son. The Son will take the position of submission to the Father. Authority and Submission by Br. Nee. Son created submission. He created within the Godhead…Then He created the universe, the big bang began. After so many billions of years He became a man. Don’t think it was [only at that time] that He submitted to the Father. He submitted since the eternity past. The Son submitted to the Father. And He emptied Himself. He emptied out who He was as God. He didn’t empty out God in essence. He emptied out the form of God, what comes with God—power, majesty, glory…As a man He even further humbled Himself to take the form of a slave. If I were Jesus, I would say, “I want to be a king. At least a professor in a university.” No, He humbled Himself to the lowest of the human being. And Paul says, “This mind is now in you.” We human beings, I am the same. We all have some kind of pride. We call it human dignity. Don’t you think? We call it, “Our human right!” The Lord Jesus gave up that right. He would not be a good American citizen. In America, everybody says, “I have the right, I am going to sue you.” The Lord Jesus gave up all that human rights. Then He died. He submitted to the Father. You know the story. He said in the Gospel of John how He did not speak His own words, do His own will, seek His own glory, do His own work. That was the real Adam that God wanted. God intended, when He created Adam, that Adam would be like that. But Adam took the wrong tree and became totally rebellious and corrupted. And we the descendants inherited the same sin, the same problem. So it is very hard for you and me to be submissive to one another. “I am a teacher, you need to submit to me.” No, the Bible says we need to submit to one another. If we live by this life, we will live by not grabbing the position. “I am a teacher…you should listen to me. But if you don’t listen, I just supply life to you.” To grab something and say, “Ha! I am this! You therefore listen to me.” You and I are the same. We all have that kind of concept. That is why Satan would put in hierarchical system. People will fall into the position. Christ is the only Head of the Body. Okay? I am not your head. You are not my head. We only have one Head, that is Christ. But how do we the members relate to one another? This relationship is called fellowship. And the fellowship is the flow of life. The fellowship originates in the Triune God. And one day this Triune God decided (this is His economy), “I want to share this fellowship…” So this fellowship came out. #12. God flowed out into a man among the human race. That man was Jesus. Jesus was the fellowship. Even though He was a man, John called Him the Word of life, and also John called Him fellowship because he said, “You may have fellowship with us.” The fellowship in the Triune God is now coming out into a man. He resurrected and became the life-giving Fellowship! When we believed in the Lord, this fellowship came into [us]. God is faithful to His predestination, to His choosing. If He chose you, you cannot escape. Praise the Lord, I cannot escape! God arranged that you grow up in the recovery. So you are saved! You are in the fellowship! And that fellowship is the fellowship of the Body of Christ. And Br. Lee used the circulation of the blood as an example. How do we have fellowship? How does your blood circulate? It is coming to the whole Body. Sometimes we older people have problems. What does diabetes do? Some of the cells do not react to insulin that well. Insulin is a catalyst…Type 2 diabetes, some cells do not react to that very much. Your extremists (doctors always check my feet)…may not receive the circulation. They die. Some people have to amputate their legs. That is what they called poor circulation. That is caused by diabetes. This is the problem. The circulation does not come to you, you die. If we are not in the fellowship of the Body, spiritually we die. That is why we have divisions and problems in the churches because spiritually we die. Br. Lee also said, “The blood circulation does not come directly to one cell. It is from one cell to another.” The blood flow is not necessarily directly from the head. The neural, the orders, comes from the head. But circulation is through the members of the Body…Last weekend we came together (55 churches in Southern California). When we come together, I do not represent my church, you do not represent your church. The fellowship is among the members of the Body of Christ…we just care for Christ in you, Christ in me. We participate in your Christ, in my Christ, hallelujah we are in the Body.
6/4/2019
DDong
854
864
Intrinsic. Organic. Intrinsic is something inward. You do not see the building up of the Body of Christ in an outward way. When we require people to do this and do that, like Br. Lee said, it is mechanical. It is not organic. We should have the building up of the Body in an organic way. In other words, everything thing should come from inward. Right now we are concentrating on the matter of the Body. But this Body is a new man with whom is the person. So in chapter three of Ephesians when Paul was praying that we may be strengthened into our inner man…that is the process. Our goal is that Christ may make His home in our hearts. But it is still also a process. The goal is that we may be filled unto all the fullness of God. Chapter 1 of Ephesians, we are the fullness of the one who fills all in all. You can say that that is a revelation. But how does that come about? In chapter three, that we may be strengthened into our inner man and Christ makes our home in our hearts. Then with all the saints we are filled unto all the fullness of God. That is when the fullness comes in. The fullness in chapter one is carried out in the fullness of chapter three, how? By being strengthened into our inner man. So in our experience we need to be strengthened into our inner man. Then Christ will make His home in our hearts. But Paul prayed for more than that. “…the faith, that you may be rooted and grounded in love.” So there is again the faith and love. Faith and love is what we Christians should always possess. Of course the faith is not our own faith. Gal. 2:20. The faith of the Son of God. Our faith is not from us. We do not have any faith. You may have some faith by gnashing your teeth. Sorry, that is not faith. That is your natural will power. What is faith? Faith is the Son of God Himself. The Son of God infuses Himself into you. And causes a reaction in your spirit. That reaction is the faith. Then what is love? Same thing. We do not have love. Our love is just Christ infused into us. That causes us a some kind of reaction to love Him back. Okay, but that is not it. In chapter four, Paul goes into more details. The first part of chapter four is one Body, one Spirit…oneness. All Christians have the same ones (7 ones). If one is a believer, he is in that one Body. He has the same Spirit. We have the same hope of calling. “I hope to be a doctor.” That is not the hope of your calling. That is temporal. What is your hope of calling? One day the Lord comes back, I will be changed, even my body will be the same as His. Of course my spirit, my soul will be the same as He is. I will be conformed to His image. Now even my body will be transfigured like His. This is my hope of calling. Every believer has the same hope. And one Lord, one faith, one baptism. That faith is not talking about how you believed, not how you do things. But the nature of faith, whom. I may go to baptist church, you may go to local church. But our faith is the same faith by nature. The things we believe may be different. But the nature of that faith is the same, the Lord Jesus. One faith. One baptism. You maybe baptized in the River Jordan and I in a bathtub, the nature is the same (whether you were baptized one time or three times). And one Father…this is the Triune God and the Body. The Triune God Himself is our faith and He is our baptism and He is our hope. So you got seven of these ‘one’s. And then from verse 7, “But to each one of us,” that means everyone of us, no exception. If you came to the training, hallelujah, you received this grace. But even if you don’t come to the training, or if you are in the baptist church, you also received the same grace. What is grace? Grace is the Lord Jesus Christ having done everything for us. We don’t deserve it. Really, you don’t deserve grace. You haven’t done anything. Actually you did everything wrong. But I received that grace, that redemption, that forgiveness. With that forgiveness is grace, Christ Himself. According to that measure; each one of us has a measure. Somebody has testified that…each one part should have its own measure, every part has a measure. This measure is not just a measure in you. The supply of that measure is in verse 7. Okay? You have a matter? How big? I don’t know. Doesn’t matter, I have a measure. And according to that measure grace is given. It is a gift! Even your measure is a gift, which means you don’t deserve it. You are a terrible human being. Inwardly, all the things that you think about. But praise the Lord that there is a gift. You have to link that to 1 Cor. 12. 12:4, “But there are distinctions of gifts but the same Spirit.” One Spirit, same Spirit, but there are diversities or distinctions of the gift. The Spirit likes you. But He decides that you should have this much gift. The Spirit decides. I don’t decide. What is my measure? Am I an eye? Am I a nose or an ear? Doesn’t matter, don’t get introspective about it. Don’t think about it. Don’t analyze. You just have the Spirit. You enjoy the Spirit, then the Spirit gives you the gift. The Spirit will give you a gift. That means you don’t deserve it. That is a gift. It is a present. You didn’t do anything. So each one of us, every member in the Body of Christ has a gift. Sisters who were playing the piano, she has a gift of playing. You don’t know how to play piano. How did they get that gift? They had to labor for it. But praise the Lord, when we believed, the Spirit gives me a gift without me laboring on for it. You believe that? Then verse 5 says, “…ministries, but one Lord.” And then “operations” but the “same God.” This is of the Body. The Body is of the Lord and of God. The Body is involved with the Triune God. Now you have to realize, here, the second of the Trinity is not the Son. He is the Lord. What is the difference between the Son and the Lord. What is His relationship to God? As the Son He is our life. As the Lord, He is more than the life. He is our authority, our Master. When you believed in the Lord, you are already a slave. “He led captive those taken captive and gave gifts to men.” Peter and John and James and all the disciples saw the Lord physically ascend on high. They were there physically. Paul wasn’t there, was he? Paul was not there. But you know what? Paul had a vision. When the Lord Jesus ascended, it was not just the Lord Himself alone. He ascended with a train, a train of vanquished foes who were in there. Who was in there? Satan, rebellious angels, and you and I and everybody was in it, even the unbelievers. Even Stalin, Hitler were in it. They were all vanquished foes, all captured foes. Then you have to read 2 Cor. 2:14. It says that, “Thanks be to God who always leads in triumph in the Christ, and manifest the savor of the knowledge of the Him through us in every place.” Verse 15. “For we are a fragrance to God…and who is sufficient for these things?” What does that mean? Christ always leads us in triumph in Christ. Psa. 68:18. Ephesians 4:8. He is referring to Roman Empire at that time. When the general conquered the whole area at that time…the history tell us that the general would come in and there would be incense bearers in the front. This what they usually do there. They have the incense swinging (back and forth). And when the captives (pows) come in, the captives will divided according to the swinging of the incense. Then the Caesar will decided which group will be beheaded. Incense unto death or unto life. Those who are alive, of course, you know, are those who are predestinated and chosen before the foundation of the world. That is us! Hallelujah! Before I was born, I was in that triumphant procession…this is what Paul is referring to 2 Cor. 2. Ephesians 4. You have Christ leading the triumphant procession. And of course those who are alive, these captured foes, the Son presented to the Father, just the general would present to the Caesar and they would be taken for slaves for different noble peoples. Here, Paul is saying, no, He didn’t give it to anybody but to the Father. And then the Father gave them to the Son. It is through the Lord’s ascension. The ascension, of course, implies His descension first. Praise the Lord, we are in His ascension. Then some of the gifts were more obedient to the Lord. They were becoming the apostles, prophets, evangelists, and shades and teachers. They “Amen”d the Lord and loved the Lord. So He gave them to us for the perfecting of the saints. What is the perfect them? Jacob, I heard that you speak Chinese. Is that a gift? It is a gift but you had to work on it. He received the gift. But he still needed another gifted member to perfect him. He had to labor, to labor, to work it out, to learn that, to study it, to put some effort into it. So we have apostles. They will establish the churches. We have the prophets. They will prophesy to build up the Body of Christ. Then we have the evangelists that preach the gospel. Then we have shepherds and teachers who will shepherd and teach and present every man full grown in Christ. All this is not for them to function in that way but for them to join the members. The joint has the function of joining. Suppose I am prophet. “Josue, I want to help you prophesy.” It is not, “I am a prophet. You want to prophesy? You come to me.” No. It is joining. You don’t sit at home and wait. No, you go to them. But which one do you decide to go to? You have to pray. The head decides. Okay, Micah, let me help you with some prophesying. How about evangelists? They will go to Daniel, “Let me show you how to preach the gospel.” And Br. Lee has given us 30 kinds of unbelievers and you can classify them. But you don’t know any of those. So I am an evangelist, so I will teach you…Right now nobody care for another one. Preaching gospel is a big job, a big heavy burden on me. Wherever I go I need to preach the gospel. The evangelists would help you, would perfect you. The Lord Jesus has a fire for the unbelievers. You pray to Him, you contact Him, His fire will burn. So let’s be perfected. Then we can build. “Through the joint of the rich supply and…” There is the ‘and’ there. There is another group called “each one part.” Each one has a measure and in that measure they should have the operation. Operation is a job, something that you carry as your responsibility whether you are 8 to 5 or not. Function, you can be 8 to 5 and the rest of the time you turn on the TV. But operation, you have no clock in and clock out. You are always burdened for that new one…that is how the Body is built. The perfected members are for reproducing themselves…that is how the church is built.
5/28/2019
DSady
854

You have a long way to go to speak these things. We ourselves have to get into the word. I want to point out some phrases that Br. Lee uses. “When we come to the Bible, we should come with a seeking heart after Christ. We should pray, ‘Lord, I come to Your word. You do not cares for teachings alone…feed me with Yourself through this word.’” “If we have a heart toward Christ…We need to fully believe that God exists and He is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him.” Prophecies may seem to be quite mental, quite complex. But that complexity, if we dig into it, out of that we can bring forth Christ to others and apply Christ to others. In this way he referred to Matthew 24, the fig tree. You should be able to show people that fig tree is Israel. And the fig tree needs to bring forth leaves. This means that the time is near. This should stir up in people to seek the Lord. Luke, about the time of God Gentiles being fulfilled. Jerusalem has been trampled. But what happened? Now Jerusalem is a part of the nation of Israel. Daniel 2, discusses the whole matter of Eastern Europe. This is two or three years before the Berlin Wall fell. All over the earth there is the sign of where we are in time. We are in the iron-clay stage of the image. But He is coming as a stone cut out without hands to smite the image… “The Bible is a book inspired by God…The Triune God is involved in the Bible.” This is why the Bible is so unique. These are the phrases which we should have some [consideration] about. “The Triune God.” “…We will be fed.” There wasn’t really that emphasis on the milk of the word but on the word, knowing the word, seeking the Lord in the word. In Hebrews…we have to be brought back to the basic things. What is that? Repentance, being immersed into the Triune God, Christ, the Body. All of these take some exercise. “But you have need of solid food.” These are referred to as word of righteousness. It includes, “It is vain to say that you enjoy the Lord but not bear fruit.” Similar to John, “You say…but you walk in darkness.” The vine is the incorporation of the Triune God with man seeking to grow until the earth is filled with the glory of God. “When we open any page of the Bible, we should read with a seeking heart and pray, ‘Lord I love You so I come to Your word. Be my drink and be my food.’” We all miss this—we can talk about the word, talk about watering, the gifts and all the members—if we don’t have the seeking heart of Christ, if Christ is not the object of our seeking. Concerning the gifted members he refers to himself but not just himself. The church has the elders, the leading ones, who are ministering the word to the saints, who are the gifted members, who have a particular supply. We all have a particular supply as we get into the word and that word come out of us, it comes out in a particular way. Peter was different than John. Paul was different from Peter and John. So we need to be in the word. “In the meetings of the church we are always dealing with the Bible.” You have a phrase that has become often meaningless, not always, “So we see…” And then you speak what we see. But you don’t show us what we see. Concerning the bride of Christ, the Body being the bride, Br. Lee went through several steps with verses. We have the matter of Adam and Eve, death and sleep. Sleep is really what death is. In that death there was no blood because there was no sin. But Christ shed his blood because there was the sin that had to be dealt with. You see the difference? So we have to be in the word in details as the ministry presents and learn to present what the ministry has presented. It is easy, or spontaneous, to present what was in another class or conference. But we need to exercise to get into this word for this class, not because it is a class but because this is food. And we need to learn how to dispense this food into others. “Saints can go…speaking with all the Bible verses.” We get watered (whether or not we understand). But we ourselves should not have the aspiration just to be watered. The watering is needed—encouragement, flowing. But we need to get into the word. Otherwise we will never be a supply. We will never water others. They get watered because we speak with the Bible. He is setting himself as our example. “I do not have much knowledge in fields other than the Bible, but by the Lord’s mercy, I somewhat know this holy book. I can open this book and water the saints.” You can water the saints just by flaying about. You learn by flaying…“The pattern of the healthy word,” I think it was Darby that translated the [outline]. “My speaking in the ministry of God’s word is the sprinkling.”…God’s economy. “We need to come to the meetings of the church and of the ministry to take a “shower” or a “bath” in the water of the word.” So here you are, receiving. But when you present, prophesy, speak the gospel, share with someone, you should be ministering. You should be giving them something solid of the word, order of the word, cutting straight so that they can receive something. “The gifted ones may do the planting and the watering, but it is God who gives the growth in life. This is why I must always take some time to pray before I come to speak in a meeting…We need the feeding from the Bible directly, and we need the watering from the ones who know the Bible more. God goes along with our reading of the Word and with the speaking of the gifted members {to speak the word}. The feeding and the watering are the top means used by Him to give His life to us.” Then he brings us to the highest peak of the growth of the church because it is God growing. There is mention of, “We need to give Him room.” How do we give Him room? By reading the Bible. You might think we give Him room by, “Oh, I give room to You, I am all to You.” But we search…but wouldn't come to Him…it is to feed Him directly. “We may be full of the world, of ourselves, of our own interests, but by reading the Bible, little by little the word of the Bible takes away some part of our worldliness, some part of our self-interest, and some part of our love for things other than God Himself. Then within us more room is given to God. Then He takes this room and expands and increases within us. This increase is His growth in us. His growth becomes our growth because we and He are one.” That is how he introduces the matter of maturity. This is the high peak, highest peak in the church’s growth. John 6. First the Lord says He is the bread that came down from heaven. We can eat Him and live. Some people did eat Him. Peter said, “To whom shall we go? You have words of eternal life.” Then He turned the bread into His body and blood. This is the death of Christ. He embodied God. God-man going through death. And then becoming the Spirit. “The words that I speak to you are life and are life.” That word is the spirit and life. You can’t get spirit directly. Pentecostalism stresses the outpouring. [Some] stresses the inner life. That inner life is Christ and the outward poured Spirit is Christ. It is not a barking dog, not weeping. So we have to get into the embodiment of Christ as the word, which is the Spirit, the life-giving Spirit, even the intensified Spirit. How did John minister in the stage of intensification? He gave words to the churches…to speak the same thing. What did the angel say to Peter? “Go and stand in the temple and speak the words of this life.” Not the spirit of this life but the words of this life. The Spirit today is embodied in the word. “If His words abide in us and we abide in Him, then we can ask whatever we will.” This is abiding in the Lord. His words are abiding in us. We are praying reading His word. We are praying His will in the word. “He appointed us that we should go and bear fruit and that our fruit should remain.” “I have set you.” Where? In the vine. To go forth. Sprout forth. And bear fruit. And this glorifies the Father. We say, according to Matt. 6, that the Father’s name would be sanctified. How do we sanctify His name, how do we make it holy? By spreading His life into others. By making them the increase of Christ. “As the joints in the Body of Christ, all are supplying. The parts should all be operating.” This is a, you might say, like a dance. It is a great choreography of joints and supply and each one coordinating, operating, in love, an atmosphere of love to build up the Body. When we hold the Head, we are holding the truth. And that truth is Christ and the church according to the context of the Ephesians. It is the mystery of God and the mystery of Christ. The ministry of the age can be summed up as the opening of the ministry of God and the ministry of Christ. The Conclusion Messages start with God, Triune, all His aspects, attributes, then Christ, the all-inclusive Christ, the Spirit, you have a whole class on the Spirit. All of these facts, all of these verses, are feeding concerning who Christ is, who God is, the mystery of God, opening the mystery. Then the believers. And the church. And the kingdom. And the New Jerusalem. And then the experience of Christ. All of this is done through the Bible. Nothing is opened up because of a ‘vision.’ Again, Peter said that they were there. They saw the transfiguration. Sometimes, “The meeting was wonderful! How do we repeat that?” We gotta do it this way.” But we have a more sure word of Christ. To speak to word of Christ. “Sure word…to which we do well to take heed…” Yes, we have these experiences but it is based on the word. Eventually we are like that scribe, “Out of our treasure we have things new and old.” Out of the hidden manna in us, we can feed, we can repeat all the points concerning the enlargement of Christ as the bride, the increase of Christ. Then someone else can have the revelation that we received. “You are the Christ…I will build My church.” It is with a view to helping that person grow. What is growth for? We have the verse. “You are God’s farm, God’s building.” They grow for the building. We have a view. We are not just sharing a revelation. We are speaking something so that they can increase. They can have the increase of God through the word, which is the embodiment of God in Christ as the consummated Spirit whose only view is the New Jerusalem. He is hungry for this. So we are with the view to, the purpose of, and we should have such a result that our fruit should remain. It is a labor. You are adults and I have told you you are not children. But even as adults your parents still agonize for you. You will be married, many of you, most of you, one day. You have to bring your wife into the kingdom. Your husband into the kingdom. Your children into the kingdom. Your neighbors, the saints. This is why Paul said that he struggled according to the operation of God in him that they can be presented full grown in Christ. The steps of this growth, of people giving room, how will they give room if they don’t treasure the Bible, don’t treasure the ministry, if they are not coming to the meetings, if they are not addicted to the minister, if they don’t bring others to the same thing? Paul did the same thing to Timothy. “…you can teach others so that they can teach others.” What is going to teach them? It is got to be the very content of these messages. The essence for existence. The growth of God for the increase. This is God’s economy. If we allow this to dwell in us, if we speak this, first imparts and eventually it is just a message to us. Then we are ministering. We are able to be a joint. That doesn’t mean we are a joint all the time every time. But if we are in the word in such a way, then coordinating with other joints and members, we can speak unto such a result…with a view that others can see that this is where we are going in our meeting. Our meetings should have such an end, goal, in every meeting because of the word of God being spoken. “Lord Jesus, we do turn to You. O Lord, thank You for the Bible. Thank You for the ministry of this age which open the Bible, makes it alive to us. Lord, we want to minister Your word, to speak as the oracles of God, to cause others to see, to realize, to have them imparted into them…Lord Jesus, we love You. Make us one with Your word. As we read we would drink. As we read we would even eat the solid food. Not to be superficial. Bring us phrases, from slogans, into Your life, into Your word. Even to dig out the treasure to be able to present to others the riches of Christ.” He uses the example of the rich produce…that is a picture of Christ. We are receiving the riches…we need to dig out these riches. Otherwise we have nothing.
5/21/2019
DDong
203

[Sharing]

Why do I need to teach you? I don’t need to teach you. I need to pray and also you need to pray that God would give you a vision. Watchman Nee said that we are not by teachings. Denominations are from teaching so call themselves -ists. “Church kids” are not good terms. We were top something. But one day, he says, “When it pleased God to reveal His Son in me.” What is the difference between teaching and revealing. A lot of revealing comes through teaching. If we have not received the ministry of Watchman Nee and Witness Lee we would not be here. Even though it was their teaching, somehow I saw something. And you saw something because God has chosen to reveal this to you. In receiving the teaching you saw something. What is the difference between teaching and revelation? Revelation requires God to do it. Teaching, all men can do it. I can teach you. You can teach me. But teaching does not necessarily include revelation. So you need to pray. And I need to pray. I still pray for you. I pray for myself. You pray for yourselves and for another. That we can receive revelation. We need to have God involved in our classes, in our learning. Lord Jesus, I just don’t want to learn. I want to be revealed. That is a difference between us an a buddhist or muslim. We are not taught. But someone is revealed in me and you. This someone, according to 2 Cor. 4, is the light that shined on the face of Christ. Then in you, as the earthen vessel, the treasure is laid. This is by revelation, not by teaching. We have gospel meetings, we have brothers giving gospel messages. But if their hearts are not open, the gospel is blind to them. The god of this age has blinded the eyes…You can teach people about the Body of Christ. But I can tell if you really have seen the Body of Christ or not. There is a story of Watchman Nee asking each coworker to testify about what they have seen of the Body. He would say, “No, that is no the Body.” Did Watchman Nee teach them about the Body? Yes. But did they see the Body? We are all born-again Christians. But we have not seen the matter of the Body. That is revelation. 1989. We had gone through a storm during 1987-1989. It was during the storm. A lot of saints were caught up not in the intrinsic matter but the outward matter. You think, “Who is right? Who is wrong?” This is really a salvation. It is not saying, “No more organization, just organism.” That doesn’t work either. After you have the essences you have to have growth. The building up of the Body of Christ means as you grow you are more related to one another. If you are growing individually it is called cancer. When we are growing together with all the Body, that is called growing. If you over-function (some of us do, and most of us under-function), then we have not seen the Body. We have seen our self. “Oh, I am capable of doing this.” When you have this kind of thought, that is what Paul describe in 1 Cor. 12, “the eyes would tell the ear, I have no need of you.” “What you can do, I can do.” So one member can do everything. Then there is no Body. Then there are the under-functioning. “I am not the eye so therefore I am not of the body.” Everybody praises the hand (more capable). But how about the feet? Who cares, they are nobody. “I am not a house coordinator, so I am not a part of the body in the training.” When you start to compare, you are not in the Body. 1 Cor. 12, Paul says, “I am not a hand therefore I am not of the body…because I love myself so much. If I am not the hand, then I am not going to function.” Every member has to function. That is why the organic, intrinsic building up of the Body is for the…function. Who is the intrinsic essences of the church? What is essence? Do you know the difference between essences and element? Christ is the element and the Spirit is the essence. The essence is the constituent of the substance or the element. What makes the element the element is the essence. We are not talking about chemical element. The reason why this is wood is because of the essence of the wood. What is the church? The church is Christ. Christ is the element. But what is the essence of Christ? What makes Christ Christ? When Christ was incarnated, it says, “That which was born in her was of the Holy Spirit.” Mary provided the humanity to Jesus. But before Mary could provide the humanity to Jesus, the Triune God, the whole God, has already been born in her. We say, ‘being born,’ is coming out of the womb. But in the incarnation of Jesus He was born, the whole Triune God was born already in her. How could you have the Triune God not born in its whole entity in Mary. You cannot divide the Triune God. The whole Triune God must be born in her. Then she would provide the humanity.  And you can imagine. I don’t know at which point of our human embryo that our spirit and soul develop. The humanity provided by Mary to the Lord Jesus…when that happened, that is the mingling of divinity with humanity. For nine months. I have three sons. They began to kick three or four months. But we couldn’t let it out for another four or five months. You know there is that process. In that process, the divinity of Jesus was mingled with the humanity of Jesus. That is really amazing. In God’s economy there is two becomings. The Word became flesh. The last Adam became the life-giving Spirit. These are the two greatest miracles in the whole universe. Physical impossibility. How can you have the infinite God come into the finite man? Physically impossible. You cannot contain all the water from the pacific ocean into this little cup. But our God is infinite…How can that be? That is a miracle. I don’t know, I don’t want to guess. Paul told us, 1 Cor. 13, “when the Lord comes back we will be all clear.” Let’s wait. You have to realize that this is one of the greatest act of God. He was incarnated to be a man. He did not live by His human life even though it was more perfect than your life. Everything He was because of the Father (John 6:57). Throwing stones at a woman. “What do You say?” The Father, at that time, didn’t say anything. You may say, “That is very wise to not say anything.” But He didn’t say anything because the Father didn’t say anything. If you eat Him, you will live because of Him. So this man, Lord Jesus, He was the real man because when God created man, God created man in His image and after His likeness and gave them to have dominion over all the earth. And we know that the first man Adam failed God so he can never be the image of God or have the authority of God. But Heb. 2 quotes Psalm 8, “But we see Jesus!” Jesus is the real man. He became a man Himself…In Him God and man are mingled together…This man is really one with God. The Lord Jesus did not seek His own glory. He did not do anything by Himself. He denied Himself. He totally lived another life. This was the only one man. But God wants many man. His outward humanity shell was broken. Eventually that plant will blossom…Paul took a further step. We many grains are ground together. Sorry, you lost your identity. You are mingled with oil to make a piece of meal offering. The Body of Christ is mingling. It is not you and by our natural being, ability. Only with the mingling, divinity, is the Body of Christ. The fine flour comes from all of us grains ground together. The grinding process really hurts. Br. Lee said that wife is the bottom stone and your children are the top stone and you are ground together. Why do we need to be ground? The old creation has nothing to do with the Body of Christ. So we need to get rid of the old creation. Carlos is a very nice person. But the problem is that his niceness is old creation. What should we do? The saints will help to grind you…Do you know what regeneration is? You receive another life. But when you receive the divine life, where do you put that divine life? So is it like glass with water in it?. No. Inside the glass is not just water. There is tea. What is tea? Divinity mingled with humanity. Regeneration is not just you receiving another life but you receiving the mingled spirit. John 3 does not use the word Holy Spirit. The Spirit is mingled with our spirit as one spirit. This regenerated man becomes one with God. Regeneration means we not only receive another life but this life is not mingled with us and we become one with God. That becomes regeneration. You yourself must experience that first. Then from this regeneration, the Lord needs to spread. The picture is at grafting. The mingling is the grafting of two trees. The two lives have one living. Julius is the glove. And Christ is the hand. Julius was created in the Hand’s image. This Hand can just fit in. You try to put your hand in a sock. The hand and the glove becomes one and has the fullness of expression. That is the Body of Christ. Your old creation must die. Not only so, your new creation must fit in this Christ who is the mingling of divinity and humanity.

You have to realize, the Body of Christ is not just God. The Body of Christ is God in humanity. But who is that humanity? That humanity is not the old creation. It is totally of the new creation. So therefore the Body of Christ must be the increase of Christ. Christ must come out and spread in our parts. And that is why Christ must make home in our hearts. And we have a message, the inward parts of Christ must become our inward parts. We have the law of life, the treasure in this earthen vessel. This is all the different ways to illustrate what the Body of Christ is. You must have the humanity, Jesus’s humanity, spreading in you to make you the Body of Christ. The Body of Christ is not all divine, not all human. It is the divinity in humanity.
5/9/2019
Reading:
	-	Because spirituality is conditional, it should not be taken as a base or as a standard. The base and the standard must be the truth. The truth is not conditional. It is the fact.
	-	To just want Christ and not care for the church is divisive. Regardless of how much you care for Christ and have experienced Christ, if you meet in a way that does not care for the truth of the church, your meeting is a division.
	-	Regardless of how many visions someone has seen, he has no right to build up any division.
	-	The Lord's recovery is the recovery of the oneness of the Body of Christ.
	-	Let us come together with an open spirit to pray together, get into the Word, and check our situation with the Word in fellowship. Then we can get a divine answer. This is the right way.
	-	mutuality
	-	We should learn to take care of Christ, His Body, and the truth. If we take care of these three things properly, there will be no problems. We should not let anything frustrate us from these three things. We should not take in anything or care for anything but Christ, His Body—the church, and the truth.
	-	Nothing counts and everything is vanity except God's economy with Christ as the center, the hub, and as the circumference, the rim, making us His members to constitute His Body and preparing us to be His bride so that we can return with Him to defeat Antichrist and his followers to bring in the kingdom of God as the great mountain which will fill the whole earth.

5/14/2019
DSady
840

Zinzendorf made the refugee Christians to sign a document to not fight over doctrines. This started the 100 year blessing. But what he saw about oneness was shallow (just that we would all be one). He didn’t see the ground of locality. So there was the limit of the move of the Spirit. The brethren then divided over misunderstanding and the Lord’s coming. And we see that because they have not come to the definition of faith in a solid way, they did not realize what were the essential things as oppose to interpretations and so forth. It corresponds with us, receiving the brothers…but they sought truth, they lashed unto that. On the one hand, Br. Nee said they fulfilled Philadelphia. But on the other hand their light was not sufficient, their truth was not sufficient. And because of that they divided and divided. Darby’s view that the believers who meet in the denomination should not be received for the table among the brethren because they had evil companion…there are a lot of believers who have different thoughts but we can be one with them but not with their organization. They want you to join in their activities or have activities in union with them (all the clubs come together and will carry out something). We don’t have an organizational oneness. Our oneness is with all the believers and in the Spirit. With Madam Guyon, she was even an idolator. How can such a one be used to restore the spirituality? Idolatry was something outward. She had a wrong concept. She stayed in the Catholic Church. As we will see with T Austin-Sparks, this matter of spirituality is a big veil. The truth is absolute. All these people before Watchman Nee will deviate and not take care of the Body. The difference is not that they didn’t minister but their age, the degree to which the light was shining on the matter of the church and the oneness of the church. When Br. Lee talked to T. Austin-Sparks and gave the example of Madam Guyon and others…first he did it in a way that affirmed what was in T. Austin-Sparks. So we say, “More Spirit, more church!” Amen. But how is that different from what T. Austin-Sparks said? If we are the church, if we are standing as the church in the oneness of the Body, and the oneness of the Triune God, then, the more Christ we have, certainly, there is the essence and the reality of the Body. But to have more spirituality, to have more light on the truth and not have the church is simply another kind of (instead of having another doctrine) spiritual experiences what the [church] is. In this case, to have subject experience is needed. But to misaim concerning the church is destructive to the Body. We have this matter of they just wanting to care for Christ. How would you address that? 1 Cor. 1. “I am of Christ.” In that section he brings out that all of those statements…“Is Christ divided?” Their standing ‘for Christ’ is not actually Christ but someone else. Br. Lee brought the recovery to the whole earth. He did that by bringing the truth. And with the truth comes the recovery. He says, “No matter what you do, I am not going to break the oneness. But if you do anything not according to the truth, I won’t tolerate it.” In the book of Revelation, Antipas was a martyr because he wouldn’t compromise. Well, here is our Br. Lee, not tolerating anything that varies from the truth. Then what is the truth? It is not that he convinced and argued them one out. He gave the Scriptures. For example, they said, “As an apostle you can start a church but you can’t interfere.” He gave an example of the Ephesian elders coming to him and staying with him. Can you think of the Paul interfering in the affairs of the church? Corinthians. He rebuked. “Shall I come to you with a rod?” That is the end of chapter 4. Then in chapter 5, at the beginning of 1 Corinthians, he tells them that they are in a mess. “When my spirit with your spirit deals with the situation, cast out this one. The lump, the meal offering of the church, is corrupted with leaven. You have to cast it out. Become an unleavened lump again.” Of course that authority is only in the teaching, in the word. He is using the Old Testament type and applying it to the church life. Then this is against the matter of autonomy of the church. The churches have their own meeting schedule, one HMWR, we may not be in another or not be it that at all and still be a church. Our practices can be different but our truth cannot be different. How did Br. Lee correct their saying “many apostles?” Br. Lee pointed out that there are three kinds of apostles: 1) Directly appointed by the Lord (in the flesh or by the Lord directly unveiling and constituting them through revelation). Revelation has to do with the truth. This includes Peter and John, and Paul. They were constituted by the Lord either directly or by revelation. This was the first class. Then you have another class, 2) Those who are constituted not by revelation directly from the Lord but by others. So you are in a home meeting. And you equip and perfect someone in the home meeting and it turns out that they are constituted now as a sent one. This happened to Apollos. And Apollos is a very, very uneven kind of story in the New Testament. He placed himself equal with Paul and the others. But he only seems that way. Third kind, 3) those who are appointed not by the Lord or by others but by the first class, the first group of apostles, those who were directly appointed by the Lord and by the Lord through revelation. So Peter had Mark. Then Paul had Mark; Paul had Timothy and Titus, Silas. They were all sent ones. But they were all part of Paul’s company. They were coworkers of Paul. So these different levels, whatever we want to call them, kinds, of apostles have very different functions. Who would you trust to define the truth? Well, Timothy had to be encouraged to be bold. He had to receive an epistle to be told how to pick out…elders. Titus the same. [They weren’t defining the doctrine.] Paul told him to find others so that now they can teach others. This teaching is the truth. This is how Br. Lee dealt with the saying that there are many apostles. Well yes, but what kind of apostles?Finally they said there are no apostles. If there are no apostles, there is no perfecting of the saints and the saints themselves can’t be the apostles. We can’t be sent to our classmates, to anybody. So the truth is the way that the errors were exposed. We need to know the truth for two reasons. One is to build up the Body, to nourish the Body, nourish the saints. Learn how to use the truth to shepherd others with Christ. The truth is like a spoon, a utensil, that conveys Christ to others, the person and the work of Christ. Without the truth, the Bible, in a living an experiential way, we can’t deal with the problems and we can’t nourish the saints. These are the two functions of our truth speaking.
One word in this section: peace. Col. 3:14-15. When we are not at peace, rather than contend, fight for ourselves, we need meekness. And meekness is something that Christ makes an arbitrating decision. He rules out fighting.
If we respect one another, we submit to one another, then we might realize that to do anything else is to take Christ’s place. When we are in mutual submission, mutual respect, then Christ is the Head, and He is the final decider, arbitrator.
Christ—the ark; church—the tabernacle; truth—the pillar of cloud/fire
In this last paragraph I don’t think we are surprised to find Christ and His Body as the focus. But I don’t know if we got the message that the truth is very much part of this. Br. Lee told them he will not tolerate anything against the truth. The truth refers to the light that is in the Scriptures. Verse by verse he defeated the divisive thoughts…Br. Nee instructed, nourished, equipped the saints to take the stand for the church and the churches. All of this is a big help to us if we are reading the word, diving into and trying to understand what the failures are in the past. We will face the same thing in the future.
5/7/2019
DSady
426

Sharing:
80% of the young, promising ones have been destroyed by these things (pride, wanting to be a hero, and opinions). Satan works to spoil the people who are beginning to be useful to the Lord. If we haven’t let the Lord touch the source of our pride, the enemy can use that to mar the building. “Heart changes.” The test comes 7-10 years later. What is our condition then?

I would like to start with Br. Lee’s prayer in the beginning of this chapter and the opening. He starts by looking to the Lord and asking Him for a living revelation that the Lord would unveil Himself to us and expose us. “We want to know You, and in light of knowing You, we want to see ourselves.” One place in the chapter talks about not focusing on certain things but only the Spirit, Christ, the church, Body. And if we see the vision concerning a proper eldership, which is one without pride, without masks, without opinions (controlling others), and without division in the work and rather seeing the essences, the reality, of the Spirit and the Body, and the work being therefore one, even the churches are many, the churches are also one Body. So we have one work with one Body. This vision will save us. If we see the vision of Christ with His Body, then we will be adjusted, we can be renewed in our concept. In this little book, How to be a Coworker and Elder and how to fulfill their Obligations. Br. Lee opens to unveil the crystallization of the entire New Testament, the full ministry of Christ carried out in three stages. Then he comes back to speak of how to fulfill the obligations. He speaks of pride. You need to have a pure heart, clear from any subtle pride, motive…never considering you are above others or attempting to appoint elders or do things beyond what your capacity is, being adequately equipped with truth and not too young in physical age. To introduce this section on ambition, pride, and self-justification, I would like to read this paragraph. We have to realize we don’t focus on our pride but we need to be aware of it. There is a difference. To be aware of the rattle snake while hiking isn’t to be focused on the rattle snake (you won’t enjoy your hike at all). But you do need to be aware so when it starts to rise up, then you can cut its head off. Just reject it. “To be overcomers, we should take the goal of God’s eternal economy, the New Jerusalem, as our unique and ultimate goal. We all need to remember this goal. Our goal is not to help people to be spiritual or holy. Rather, we are leading people towards the New Jerusalem to consummate the New Jerusalem.” Of course, the New Jerusalem is the ultimate consummation of the Body of Christ. “How do we do this? How do we lead people? By drinking the Spirit and eating Christ for us to receive His rich and fresh supply. So we consummate the New Jerusalem with God the Father as the gold streets, God the Son as the pearly gates, and God the Spirit as its precious stones. It is not according to you with your elements and essences.” We have to have a great turn in our own being to God’s desire…without this turn, we don’t minister Christ to others and we ourselves are not occupied, consumed with who He is. That is why we need to be unveiled to see Him first. “It is not according to your will…and with your essences.” God is the essences, Christ is the element and the Spirit is the way…we need to take the Triune God as the essences, the element, and the way to build and consummate the New Jerusalem. So, of course, this is the consummation of the full ministry of Christ and lays the basis for us to be able to receive the warnings. In this chapter, following the full ministry of Christ, the section on ambition and self-justification are relatively brief. But the section on pride has 16 sub-points. Self-justification indicates condemning of others and exalting of yourself. The Lord came to save us by forgiving, forgetting their sins. The church is not a court but a home raising up believers, helping and healing, recovering believers, and a school, teaching and edifying believers. So in talking about knowing the Body, he says, “Lord Jesus, we want to be adjusted once more, we want to be remodeled. Transform us concerning our view…Lord, we want to know You in this desire, not in our thinking, our interest, but in what You want. Lord, do speak to us, quiet us and give us a heart that is opened to You.” So, pride is an attribute of our fallen nature by birth. Even Paul was given a thorn in his flesh. “Lest being blinded by pride…” Blinded [indicates] the smoke being in your eyes. “Always remember that humility saves you from all kinds of destruction and invites God’s grace. Pride makes you a top fool.” Remember Abigail’s husband? His name meant fool. “Rivalry is not only a sign of ambition but pride…thinking more highly of yourself…is another form of pride.” It is good to have a model and conform ourselves to that model. We are not only God’s creatures and God’s sons (in the old and new creations), but we are slaves. As slaves, we don’t even come to the status of being a creature, never mind the son. If we can remember ourselves in the status of a slave, we can be saved from the pride. A slave in the modern thinking is very different from the slave in the biblical thinking. In the biblical thinking, a slave serves out of love. First of all, out of our Master, Christ, then for the love for our heart’s delight, the church, His Body, and for the constituents of His Body, all the children, all the members. If we love our Master, the church, the saints, with His interest in view, then we will be willing to sacrifice, we will be willing to suffer loss. And if we suffer loss, then that is love. Love is not a feeling. It is our sacrifice of love that is our love. In sacrificing we humble ourselves, we serve others. So Christ in His humanity humbled Himself to was His disciple’s feet. This is a model for us. So when we enter that model, the life in us fits that pattern and we can experience serving others in love. Then there is no pride. There is simple, we are slave. We are invisible, we are nothing. We are not a hero wearing a mask, we know better. Don’t you know better than that you are something? Of course we have this thing in us called pride, arguing who is greater is an ugly form of pride… “Wanting to be great and not to be a servant, and wanting to be first and not to be a slave is also a sign of pride.” We used to have a newsletter among the churches, news of the churches. But eventually the flavors, the elders exalting their work, their church, what is happening there, what they are doing; and this kind of thing caused the news of the churches to be abandoned, no more. An ugly form of pride. “Lording it over the church,” and for you, over those under your care…that is, telling them what to do. Doesn’t matter how young they are. They may know the Lord better than you do. They certainly know the Lord. They know to abide in the Lord. We can help them in that. “The apostle Paul’s model, he preached himself as the Lord’s and the believers’ slave for Jesus’s sake…he didn’t portray himself as stronger than others so that he might gain the weak. To restore a brother who is taken in offense with meekness, gentle…humility.” Protects us from being tempted also. If our view is, “You are weaker than me and I am going to restore you,” that is evil is in us. This is Galatians 6:1. “Self-boasting, -exalting, -glorification, and lusting after vainglory are all ugly and base expression of pride.” So, if we know the Lord in His economy, our revelation is fresh, the truth is living, shining, growing in us, then we can know ourselves. When we know ourselves, then we can ask the Lord to be adjusted, renewed in our mind, to take the one new man as our pattern, as our living, one Body, one work, one heart, one mind, one desire, one purpose. So in his prayer, at the beginning of this chapter, he asked the Lord, “deeply work in us so that we may cooperate with You to go together wi You.” Pride confiscates our usefulness. Pride can grow. It may take 20 years or 30. But by then it becomes a hero. A thought consuming us that “we know the way, we know what is better, we are the messenger of the better way, we can teach others.” Then he says, “We hide ourselves in You, and hide ourselves under the cleansing of Your precious blood, the prevailing blood which protects us against all the enemy’s devices. Lord, rebuke him as You did before Joshua. Although we are in such a base state, we still trust in Your mercy Lord…” Then he refers to Zechariah and to the Lord who purified, cleansed ones standing in filthy robe. For us to have a pride, living a life of hypocrisy, thinking we know, even as some of you said in your presentation, you are not 40 yet but you are already thinking you are 80. Isn’t this a strange thing? This is what we are in ourselves. And he introduces the three names in Zechariah 1, “At an appointed time, Jehovah will bless, Jehovah will remember.” Remember what? Bless what? Why did he say that? Because the Lord has a move on the earth. He needs those who are young, middle aged, and older, who are fresh, living, flexible, full of life, able to be with one another without any rank, without any dominance, without any high places in our mind. Otherwise there can’t be one Body, one work. Heb. 3:2—‘Revive Your work.’ This is recovery. I am leper, I am all over with leprosy. That means what I live out is far short of Christ. I don’t mean initiating Christ, but being Christ, being Christ expressed, lived today on the earth. But, Jehovah will bless at an appointed time. Then Br. Lee says, full of faith, “Lord, we believe this is the appointed time…we have absolutely no trust in ourselves.” Amen. So this should set us in our direction in this reading, we have these diseases, they are in us. Today, the medical scientists will tell us that we have the bad bacterias living in us, viruses, even cancerous cells in us. But they don’t necessarily have to take us over. So we have pride, this drive to be somebody, to do something. Remember, those are the words that are repeated in this chapter: to be someone, to do something. Perfecting Training—our problem goes all the way back to the garden, eating of the tree of knowledge of good and evil because we want to be someone, do something. That has to be cut at the source. That can happen but it has to happen at the light of the revelation of Christ, of His Body, the church, of one work. All the rebellions are inoculated against in this chapter. Pride with its ambition, thinking that we are a hero wearing a mask, being hypocrites. Woe to you hypocrites. Blinded by pride to such an extent that we think that we are a hero, damaging the Body. And old opinionated brothers, so sad, selling our old wears. And then when we come to the work in this chapter, first we have to see one Spirit, all the churches being one, the practices in the churches. And when we get to practice, we see not only the church and the churches, the church is not divided in essences but one work. And that work is not controlling the churches. There are no churches of a work. There is a region of a work. But churches are not regionalized. And the apostles are not regionalized. I was also touched in the mention in the sharing concerning this matter of giving. “Macedonia and Achaia…contribution to the poor in Jerusalem’ (Rom. 15:26). Contribution there is literally fellowship. Can you go to India, to Pakistan, to all these different places all over the earth to fellowship? You can. We go by prayer, we go by giving. And sometimes we can go by going. So this word fellowship…the fellowship of life, the fellowship in love developed out of the ministering of Christ to the Gentiles and the offering of the Gentiles as a sacrifice to God. What caused the believers in Macedonia to be slaves instead of saying, “Me first?” In some regions of Europe, “North Americans” is a dirty word. Did you know that? This is a sign, not a good sign. Paul went to the Gentiles with Christ. That is what brought them to contribute, to fellowship. They were in the fellowship of the Body because of the minister of Christ. This fellowship of love was the practical result of Paul’s ministry. In the rebellion in the Midwest, the evil speaking was concerning Anaheim, Southern California. Just a fact. Doesn’t mean Southern California is anything, but, why? To have your own work, to have your own churches. So the lessons in this chapter are a big inoculation, first of all to save you, to save me, son that we can in the Lord’s present move, His present recovery, in the fellowship in the Body as members one of another. Then this gives us the opportunity and the obligation to live a life without pride, without thinking more highly of ourselves as we ought to think, without being so opinionated that we control others, that we control the church where we are, the team that we are with, that we wouldn’t think of speaking against other parts of the Lord’s recovery. But that we would minister Christ to every member, to every church, to every coworker in every part, every way, so that the life of the reality can spread. So the reality of the Body of Christ can be expressed on the earth. Then we are just slaves for a sacrifice because we love our Master, we love His Body, His heart’s desire, His bride, and we love all the saints without any thoughts that we are any different than them. Amen. So we can always pray for mercy, praise the Lord. And the Lord can give us, instead of filthy rags, priestly robes. We can wear Christ. He does this. And when the leper’s all wide exposed in every way in the light of the Lord, we can then reenter the fellowship, no longer hiding. Praise the Lord for the Lamb, the Lion-Lamb, His precious blood for us, what a terror that is to the enemy. We can actually be the overcomers (because of His blood). And because we speak that He has destroyed the enemy. Speak His victory, speak what He has done in us. And what He is doing on the earth. Then we can continue His recovery. We can be a generation who not only just submitted during the Training but learn to serve in humility in whatever situation He puts us in. Wants us to sing 473 again, doesn’t it?
5/1/2019
EMarks
132
505

The Ascension of the Man-Savior and His Heavenly Ministry

We really need the spirit of wisdom and revelation to see the Man-Savior in ascension. This is not information. This is revelation. S. S. 4:12-16. This is just one aspect of living in ascension. If we live in ascension, we will become a private garden for Christ’s personal enjoyment. That means we need to have a hidden life with the Lord. We need to have hidden growth that people don’t see. Matt. 6:6. We need to have much secret prayer with the Lord. Burden and Prayer. In that booklet Br. Nee stresses that when we pray to have time with the Lord, we should do our best to audibly utter our prayer. Psalm—‘my voice You will hear in the morning.’ Doesn’t say, ‘my thoughts.’ In Psalms, ‘I cried to Jehovah.’ Lamentation, ‘I called upon Your name O Jehovah, hide not Your face from my cry (not our thoughts).’ He wants to hear our voice. ‘The voice of my beloved, now he comes…he is like a gazelle, leaping upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills…’ in resurrection, in the power of resurrection. This is S. S. 2. Verse 14, the Lord says this about the seeker. By the power of resurrection, by the power of Him leaping over every obstacle, leaping over every barrier in our being, we are transported into Him as the cleft of the rock and covert of the precipice. ‘Oh, my dove.’ The seeker is so saturated with the Spirit that she becomes the symbol of the Spirit. ‘Let me see your countenance, let me hear your voice.’ He doesn’t say, ‘Let me read your thoughts.’ ‘For your voice is sweet, and your countenance is lovely.’ We need to have person times with the Lord. We need to have corporate times. That is right. There is nothing wrong with it. But when we have personal times with the Lord, we can enjoy the Lord much more deeply. Then we have growth in life. That growth together is the building up of the Body of Christ. Hymn #255. I am breathing out my sorrow…my sin…all Thy fullness in. Then it says, ‘Help me pour into Thy bosom all my life of self and sin. I need to have a personal time with the Lord where I can pour out my heart to Him. If I am with another brother, I can’t say, ‘Lord, I am so lukewarm, set me on fire.’ We want to say that in private, personal, confidential, sweet, affectionate time with Him. I would encourage you to read Isa. 37:31. Saints, we need to take root downward. You cannot bear fruit upward if you cannot take root downward. We need to be busy. But we need to take root downward so that we can bear lasting fruit upward. This is the divine attributes becoming the reality of our human virtues. Even more, this is the fruit of our numerical increase. ‘The word grew and the disciples multiplied greatly.’ This is to take root downward and bear fruit upward. Why did the disciples multiply greatly? Because you are taking root downward. You are the cedar of Lebanon (the uplifted humanity of Jesus). A brother looked up the cedar tree. All the other trees’ roots go down so far and spread out. But cedar trees’ roots go down 100 feet. According to Colossians 2:6-7, we walk in and are rooted in Christ as the land. Take time every day to absorb Him. That is what the roots do all the time so that the tree can grow all the way. We need to grow like the ‘cedar of Lebanon.’ ‘Green,’ you are full of life. Deut. 34:7, it says concerning Moses. We can say that in the Old Testament that is in a visible sense. But in the New Testament, in the divine and mystical sense, spiritual sense, the eye signifies our heart. The eyes of our heart needs to be enlightened. We need to pray that our eyes would never grow dim. I want you to grow brighter and brighter. We should pray, ‘Lord, don’t let my freshness leave me.’ ‘So that seasons of refreshing may come in the presence of the Lord…’ Our freshness is the presence of the Lord. His freshness has not left him. To the very end he had fresh speaking from the Lord (Br. Lee). I pray that we would all be like that. S. S. 4:12-16, when we live in ascension, we become a private garden for Christ’s private and personal enjoyment. The north wind is harsh, biting. The south wind is gentle and inviting. These are two kinds of environment that the Lord gives us to train us to enjoy Christ in any kind of environment. The spices that are within us flow out of our being and we become fragrance of Christ. Verse 16. Christ’s lover wants the difficult and pleasant environment to work on her as a garden…this relates to Philippians 4:11-13. This is not doctrine. This is real. This is revelation and subjective experience. Paul says, ‘I know how to be abased and I know how to abound in everything and in all things I’ve learned the secret.’ We need to learn Christ as the secret of our sufficiency. When I am in a low situation, I can enjoy Christ, when I am in a high situation, I can enjoy Christ. How to have church life, how to pursue Christ, gain Christ, win Christ, in any kind of situation, environment. Then you become a private garden for Christ’s private enjoyment in ascension. Verse 12 note 1—In experiencing Christ, we the seeking believers must have something hidden and shut-up…the fountain is the source of the spring, which is God’s throne. We need to be beautified with Christ so that we become beautiful to the Lord. You might think that you don’t have a private place to go to pray. Where there is a will, there is a way. There is a brother. He went to his bathroom to spend time with the Lord. In London, there is a underground cabinet (during WWII). There was a bathroom set up there. Winston Churchill would go in and lock it. At it will show ‘engaged’ (‘occupied’). There was a telephone line set up directly to Franklin Roosevelt. We need a private room where we are engaged and we talk to the Lord Jesus directly, privately, so that we can take root downward and bear fruit upward. Verse 15 note—The fountain and spring stream out from the overcomers, flowing out from what they are and from where they are. We would pray that we would live in ascension. By living in ascension, we would become His private garden. We need more personal fellowship with the Lord. Matt. 14. The Lord Jesus wanted more time to pray privately to the Father. That is why He compelled the disciples to go away, and sent the crowds away. ‘Lord, give me more time to pray privately to you.’ The training has given you 30 minutes. The first thing when you get up is not to say ‘Oh no,’ but ‘O Lord!’ I hope all of us should aspire to have that kind of time with the Lord. And I pray that our time with the Lord would be a quality time. I see sometimes trainees with their Bible open and sleeping. That’s okay. You will wake up and see something. It is better to sleep with your Bible open than to sleep with it closed. How much do we need more time to pray privately to the Father. Some Christians told me I need to be baptized. I was enjoying the Lord to a certain extent and I didn’t see the reason. Then a brother told me that the Lord Jesus Himself was baptized. I said, ‘I’m getting baptized.’ I am very burdened about this. To live in ascension, we need to be the Lord’s private garden for His enjoyment.

	I.	Acts 2:36. ‘Made’ means God has inaugurated Him (as Lord and Christ, this Jesus whom [they] crucified). When the Lord appeared to the disciples in resurrection, the first time Thomas couldn’t believe. The Lord then reappeared later for Thomas’s sake. Thomas said, ‘My Lord, and my God.’ That means man Jesus is our Lord and that man Jesus is our God. Don’t listen to anyone tell you that Jesus is the Son of God but not God. Heb. 1, ‘Concerning the Son, ‘Your throne, O God.’’ He is not only the Son of God but He is God. We worship this God-man. There is a heretical group that doesn’t believe that Jesus is God. The Bible explicitly tells us in the epistles of John not even to greet such a one. I know a brother who is a pillar in the Lord’s recovery today. He was poisoned after talking to one of these people (before coming into the recovery). It took him years to take that poison out. I told these heretical people, ‘you have to know that Jesus is God!’ I walked around. And they were still there. I said, ‘you have to know that Jesus is God!’ I walked around again. They saw me and fled. Luke 24—‘concerning Me.’ The whole Old Testament has Christ as the centrality and the universality in typology. Verse 29. The Lord’s ascension. This how we should be in the church life, ‘continually in the church life, blessing God.’ Heb. 2:9, ‘We see Jesus!’ He is crowned with glory, crowned with honor. Glory is splendor related to Christ’s person(?), honor is related to ??? He is the King of kings, the Lord of lords. He is the sovereign One. A lot of people say that they are lords. Andrew told me years ago. Handel wrote this auditorial. And it is all Scripture. If you put all that into a song, you have to touch [something]. They said Handel was depressed before he wrote that. After he wrote it, the heavens were opened up to him. They played it to the king. The king stood up. The whole crowd stood up. When you hear that chorus (Hallelujah) you stand up. Why did you stand up? ‘I stood up because I’m the king but He is the King of kings.’ That is wonderful. So what should we do? Heb. 12:1—we need to run with endurance…I hope tonight we would make a strong decision in the spirit to put away every encumbrance. Every sin that entangles you and run with endurance that is set before you, looking away unto Jesus…He is at the right hand of the throne of God. We need to look away to Him inwardly and as the one on the throne. How do you have faith? A friend told me that ‘you have to take a leap of faith.’ What? When we look away unto Jesus, He infuses Himself into us to become the believing element infused into us to believe for us. When you look away from all the other object unto Jesus, He will infuse Himself into you and become your believing element to believe for you. So our faith now is the faith of the Son of God. The faith of the Son of God. Doubts are in your mind. Faith is in your spirit.
	II.	Satan appeared before God. I don’t know why God allowed that but He did. God said, ‘Have you considered My servant Job?’ Satan said, ‘He is only for You because You put a hedge around him.’ The Lord used Satan as an ugly tool to teardown the natural man of Job to rebuild with the Divine Trinity. At the end of Job, Job wasn’t a good man but a God-man. God wants a God-man. He is not just in the heavens. He passed through the heavens. He is our High Priest in ascension. ‘Having become higher than the heavens.’
	III.	We need to open to this transmission. Beginning every morning and every meeting, we need to open to this transmission. It depends whether you are open or not. Will you open your heart to Him? Then He will transmit Himself into you with all the rich dispensing of the Triune God. We are the same as God in life and nature but not in the Godhead. “Lord, head me up today. I would like to bring my whole being under Your headship, lordship, set up your throne in my being and fill me with Your ruling presence.” The Lord is our King! So we need to be filled with His ruling presence. Jesus is Lord! He wants to be our Lord. Roman. 14:7-9. Why did Christ died and rose again? That He can be Lord. He wants to be your Lord. He wants to make decisions for you, rule in you. He is your Lord. When you say, ‘Lord Jesus,’ that means a lot. When you say that, you are saying that in the Holy Spirit. 1 Cor. 12:3. [That means He is our Lord over] our life, living, and direction.- The New Jerusalem is our country. Heb. 11. We have a better country. We become that country. The local churches are the embassies of our country. Praise the Lord for the embassies. Whether you go to Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, when you step on American embassy, you are on American soil. Every local church is an embassy of the New Jerusalem. And we are Christ’s ambassadors. If you are an ambassador and you have a country and embassy, you need a flag. Jehovah is our banner, our flag. Exo. 17:15. After Joshua defeated Amalek, they set up an altar and called it ‘Jehovah our flag.’ S. S. 2:4. Our banner is Christ!
	A.	I don’t care how you feel tonight. We need to forget about our feelings and stand with the divine facts. What are the divine facts in the divine and mystical realm? In Revelation 12 you see that they overcame Him because of the blood of the Lamb…testimony…loved not. Praise the Lord, we all have the blood of the Lamb tonight! We have the word of our testimony, which is that we declare the divine facts of Christ’s accomplishments and attainments.
	B.	We need to see the surpassing greatness of His power toward us who believe. Do you believe? I believe that you believe. This transmission of resurrected power, ascending power, subjecting power, heading up power is toward is who believe and to the church. We open to this wonderful…power. This is God’s power. But 1 Cor. 1 tells us that Christ is the power of God, not just the wisdom of God. Christ is all these aspects of the power.- To live in ascension, we need to live in our spirit. Heb. 4:12. We need to discern our soul from our spirit. We need to take care of our spirit. The leading part of the soul is the mind. Live in the Spirit and be renewed in the spirit of your mind. Your spirit spreads to you mind and your mind gets renewed and gets occupied, saturated, soaked, ruled, dominated by the spirit to become the spirit of your mind. So we need to live in our spirit.
	C.	
	1.	He is the Lord of all to possess all. Rom. 10:12-13. This same Lord is Lord of all. And He is rich to all who calls upon His name. That is our initial salvation and our continual organic salvation. If you want to be saved by being sanctified, renewed, transformed, conformed to His image and eventually be glorified, you need to call on the name of the Lord. Don’t graduate from calling on the Lord.
	2.	The Triune God was the Compounder. He compounded Himself through incarnation, human living, crucifixion, resurrection, into the all-inclusive, life-giving, sevenfold intensified Spirit. He is not only the ointment. He is the anointing. He is the moving, saturating, anointing, all-inclusive life-giving Spirit. We are exactly the same as He is in life and nature but not in the Godhead. We should have sign on us, ‘Wet paint!’ If someone touches you, they will get painted. You shouldn't have dry paint. You should have the wet paint of the Triune God.
	3.	He ruled over the world sovereignly to have you here now as a trainee.
	4.	
	5.	As the High Priest He is ministering Himself as heaven’s life and strength into us.
	6.	
	7.	
	8.	Mediator means executor. Through His death, He enacted the new covenant, which you can say is the new testament. A testament is a will with bequests in it. Let’s say my will is to have all mine go to Garret. It can’t go to him unless I go to be with the Lord first. Through Christ’s death, He enacted the new covenant. Isn’t that wonderful. In His resurrection, He became the new covenant, the bequests of the new covenant. In all the bequests, He is ruling of God, patience, joy, air, breath, drink, water, home, entertainment. He is all the bequests of the new testament. He is the new covenant in ascension. In resurrection He became the Executor of that covenant, making sure that we get everything in the covenant.
	9.	A guarantee that everything in the new covenant will be fulfilled.
	10.	
	11.	Who can comfort you except Christ?
	12.	
	IV.	
	A.	You need to allow Christ to serve you every day. We don’t think about this. This is foreign to our concept. We need to allow Him to serve us first. He is in our midst as one who serves. He is serving Himself into our being. Then the millennial kingdom, Luke 12:37. He served us in the past, is serving us in the present, and will serve us in the future.
	B.	
	1.	
	2.	
	3.	
	4.	We need to see how much we’ve been forgiven by the Lord. He has forgiven us all our offenses and cleanses us every day. We love Him to the uttermost.
	5.	You have to read Luke 10:25-37. There was a certain lawyer who put Him to the test. ‘Lord, what should I do to have the eternal life?’ He answer, ‘What does the law say?’ ‘You shall love your God…and your neighbor as yourself…who is my neighbor?’ A man going down from Jerusalem to Jericho—going down from the city of peace to the city of curse. Then he was left half dead. This is us, trying to good then left half dead…but a certain Samaritan came…Who was that lawyer’s neighbor? The Lord Jesus as that certain Samaritan. All of us our inn keepers in the church. If we want to care for people, we need the Lord to be our neighbor first! Get your car up and take a new one to the meeting. The church is an inn where people can be healed.
	6.	I am overtime already. I want you to look at these verses later.
	7.	
	8.	
	9.	
	10.	
	C.	Gen. 28 + Eph. 2:22 = in our spirit, Christ is the ladder. We have a ladder in our spirit, bringing heaven to earth, joining earth to heaven. This is God becoming man, God coming into man to bring man into God. “Lord, make me a person who lives in my spirit.”
	D.	
	V.	Our whole being inside should be inlaid with the love of Christ, with the love for Christ. We are Christ’s “car” for God’s move.
	A.	
	B.	
	C.	
	D.	
	VI.	
	A.	
	1.	
	2.	There is a chapter called Love Prevails. It points out that church is a hospital, home, and school. It should be full of love. In my home, I have four boys and a dog. I like everything to be neat and orderly. But in my house there is just chaos. Eventually I just gave up. I said, I need to enjoy the Lord in the middle of this chaos. The church is our home. We need to be cherished by Him (in the church as a school), learning Christ as the reality is in Jesus. In school, if your teacher loves you you will learn more. We need to love one another…(& wives & children) that is the vital group.
	B.	
	1.	
	2.	
	C.	
	1.	1 King 8:48—When you pray, you have to pray toward the land (Christ), the city (the church as the kingdom of God), and the temple (the church as the house of God).
	2.	
Introduction:
We have been going over the book, Practical Points Concerning Blending, which is composed of messages given by Brother Witness Lee on May 27-30, 1994. The first three chapters present to us the purpose, the need, and the significance of the blending. First of all, we must realize that the blending has absolutely to do with God’s eternal economy. Our God, who is living, moving, and acting has an eternal economy to dispense Himself into man to produce an organic Body to be His organism in life for His increase and expression. According to this economy, the Triune God Himself went through a process to become a life-giving Spirit to dispense Himself into us as life. However, for the reality of the Body of Christ, there is the need for all the regenerated children of God to not remain as individuals but be blended and built together as one in Christ. Hence, the purpose of the blending is to usher us all into the reality of the Body of Christ. So today, we need to see our desperate need for blending. God is not merely after many local churches, but the reality of the Body of Christ. Therefore, we must enter into the genuine blending among all the members. And actually this is the significance of the blending, the reality of the Body of Christ, which is, as we will see, the highest peak in God’s economy.

4/16/2019
PDeng
Wow, [you] grew. I read this booklet many times. I appreciated how the Lord would give our brother such high revelation. One time Br. Lee was enlightened by the Lord and the Lord asked him...where is the reality of the Body of Christ? Brother Ron once said he visited a place with hundreds of churches but did not see any reality of the Body of Christ. We all are in the church life, we all love the Lord. Even we give ourselves to serve Him (practicing the God-ordained way). But we have to see what is the reality of the Body of Christ. It is not a kind of outward doing. It is something that issue from deep within. It is from our spirit to our soul and to our daily living. So the corporate God-man living is the reality of the Body of Christ. Br. Lee used the word ‘perfected.’ What is to be perfected? It is to be mature. How can we be mature? The important thing is to constantly put ourselves in the mold of the cross, denying ourselves, so that the new life, the new man, the life of Christ can grow in us. And, furthermore, be lived out in us, in a corporate way. Then there is the reality of the Body of Christ. I still remember how I was saved by one older couple’s faces. I was 15. I was very rebellious to Christianity, to the Lord, I was against Christians basically. I even threw a Bible to the grown in front of a Christian. Can you believe that such people can be saved? One day I was invited to a home. The moment I entered, I felt light, a bright light. I tried to find a bright decoration or lamp. There wasn’t. A minute later, the parents of my classmate came to visit me. Their faces were shining. I said, ‘This is the source of the light.’ I’ve never seen a harmonious, joyful, loving faces in front of me. And they invited me to a Christian meeting. That was the first time I attended the meetings in the Lord’s recovery. I called upon the Lord’s name there for the first time...I saw the reality. On one hand, during the 80s, I believe you read what Br. Lee said, ‘the reality of the Body of Christ is the Spirit of reality.’ Eph. 4—one Body, one Spirit. So the Spirit is the reality of the Body of Christ. But in 1994, he said, ‘the corporate living by the perfected God-men...’ If [there is] a person who constantly live by the divine life, rejecting his natural life, there will be a manifestation. That is the God-man living. That will be visible. On one hand 90 percent of the church takes care of the physical things. On the other hand we take care of the Spirit, like that couple who were shining. There will be the manifestation. Even I feel that I saw the Spirit on their face. That is their light. 1 Tim. 3—God is manifested in the flesh. Can God been seen? Can God be seen? Yes! Otherwise there will be no such a verse. The church of God is God manifested in the flesh if the church has the reality of the Body of Christ. The couple I saw who were so one with one another, so harmonious, standing in front of me, became my salvation, became a testimony of the church. They are the reality of the Body of Christ. But don’t think that—I don’t believe that they were like this right after they were married. No, they went through a process. Instantly we can turn, we can deny ourselves. How? By calling on the Lord’s name. I want to emphasize two things: 1) How the Lord could constantly deny Himself and live by the Father’s life? He constantly enjoyed the Father. He enjoyed the word of God. The Father speaks in Him. And He likewise speaks. There was a message talking about eating the butter and honey. How was the apostle Paul able to live Christ? By the bountiful supply of the Spirit. Even when He was in the prison He could live Christ. ‘For me, to live is Christ.’ And even he could magnify Christ. So when he lived there, Christ, magnified Christ there, even his living is a gospel, a salvation to the other prisoners, to the jailers. So we cannot shine without Christ. That is like this lamp. Needs electricity so that the lamp will shine. Amen? So every day we need to eat Christ. Every morning we need to enjoy richly this Christ. Do you think this is very simple? You heard it a hundred times. This is the number one thing that the enemy wants to attack. If you recall, during your interim, what is the first thing that the enemy attack? Your morning revival. So never forget: he who eats the Lord, shall live because of the Lord. 2) Being conformed to the death of Christ. Christ, in resurrection, as the pneumatic Christ, the life-giving Spirit is living in us. He is living in us. Does He live in you? Are you regenerated? Are you renewed? You are in the training. You are being renewed. Are you transformed? Also in the process, I guess. It is our old mind, old emotion, even old will, that hinder the Lord’s life, the Lord’s Spirit in us to grow and to live. So that is why we need the work of the cross. It is not by our own oppressing ourselves but by the work of the cross. If we are open to Him, we will see that actually the work of the cross operates in us and operates around us. Just consider your roommates, teammates. On one hand they are brothers and sisters very lovable. But sometimes they are just like a big cross, sinners. But do you know, they are particularly arranged by the will of God. In your small group, do you realize there is a place where you can really experience the reality of the Body of Christ by allowing the work of the cross to deal with you, not just cause you to suffer but terminate your old man, your flesh, your natural constitution. Without the work of the cross, there is no way for you to have the reality of the Body of Christ, even no way for you to enjoy the Body of Christ. Just this very thing, corporate living. Who likes corporate living? If you have two rooms in a hotel and you are sent to move in...will you choose one person one room or two persons one room and leave the other room for praying? I am serious. Do you know that God wants to gain a corporate living from the bottom of your heart? Or, still, in our old taste, old concept, ‘I want to be alone...Of course one person one room!’ This chose one room together, you will probably feel weird. But I know. The ones who have really seen the Body, they will choose rather the corporate living. Actually, one more brother living there means not just the cross, but Christ. Soon or later you will realize you need everyone. You need a corporate living for you to grow up. Whoever rejects the corporate living basically just rejected cross. Whoever rejected cross, he will not grow. The cross is so crucial in God’s economy. The cross will terminate everything in us which is not good, not fit the Body. Actually the cross, if we open to allow the work of cross to do what He intends to do, He will terminate everything of our own. Our mind, emotion, will, natural taste, preference, and so forth. Especially pride and ambition. He will terminate. And what remain there is just Christ. Then we will experience, ‘I am crucified with Christ, now it is no longer I who live but Christ who lives in me.’ If we all allow the work of the cross to do its job, we will all live Christ and become the reality of the Body of Christ. The Body of Christ is actually just the enlarged Christ. Don’t reject the cross. Anyone who rejects the cross rejects the bountiful supply of the Spirit. Br. Lee testified, when he was in the prison he suffered so much for the Lord, almost wanted to complain to the Lord. But the Lord supplied him beyond anything he experienced in the past, almost tangible. I really feel we have to see the preciousness of the death of Christ. Apostle Paul saw that. He saw the value of suffering for Christ. And the significance of the death of Christ is to terminate anything, everything, not belonging to the Body. So because he was wanting to be conformed and he remained there so he could live by Christ by the power of resurrection. And people see him and they see the [???] of Christ, because Christ was like a mold. So we need the vital group (to reach the reality of the Body of Christ). Vital group starts from one person repenting to the Lord. The Fellowship On the Urgent Need of the Vital Groups—chapter 9 and 10. Br. Lee talks about the group being like a dough mingled with salt and frankincense. The salt is the death of Christ. If you repented to the Lord, and you prayed, with your gospel partner deeply, not only you touch the death, you will also touch the resurrection. And you will be strengthened. You will be able to draw life from your gp, from your companion. This is something you should learn, you should develop. I hate to see some graduated trainees, after a couple of years and I meet them and they don’t have a companion. ‘I don’t have a companion, no one take care of me, no one really feeds me.’ If you are willing to receive the cross, the brothers and sisters are all around you. It starts from one person repenting to the Lord, ‘Lord, save me from my individualism.’ This is the first thing we should pray. The second thing is to repent for our high mindedness and self-exaltation. It is this that cause us to despise others and condemn others. If we take the Lord’s blood, receive the Lord’s cross, and we agree with the Lord’s judgement, ‘I am worth nothing but death.’ Have you ever agreed with that? Sometimes I felt belittled, mistreated. At that moment I realized that it was the self, the self in me that got bothered. Then I should not stand with the self. ‘Lord, I know that I worthy of nothing but death. Praise the Lord, I have been crucified 2000 years ago! Lord, now, please, help me to apply this. Strengthen me.’ The moment when I agreed to die with Christ, spontaneously, I felt inward sweetness. The death of Christ is actually pretty sweet. I feel inward strengthening. Then I am able to be forgive and love. This is not that difficult because we have such Christ in resurrection living in us as the life-giving Spirit. I have to say, I need a lot more mercy of God. I have a lot of failures. But I would like you to pursue! Not to live by the natural life but by the divine life. Finally, the corporate living, the perfected God-men, is also the mingling living. The corporate living emphasizes man and man, brothers and sisters. The mingling living emphasizes man and God. The reality of the Body of Christ is the mingling living of the eternal union...In brief, it is the mingling life of perfected tripartite man with the processed Triune God in the Spirit. To live strictly in the spirit is the way for more and more mingling. Just remember, by the Spirit, through the cross, we can live a mingling God-man living that is the reality of the Body of Christ.
Reading:
	-	Christ’s Body is an organic unity, and no part of His Body can be autonomous.
	-	The seven churches are different on the negative side. They are different in their failures, mistakes, sinful things, and wrongdoings.
	-	In Revelation 1 the Lord showed us seven lampstands which are the signs of seven churches. These seven lampstands are all identical in nature, in essence, in size, in type, in appearance, in color, and in function.
	-	In the first chapter we see the seven lampstands. But in the last two chapters we see only one city. Eventually, the local churches will be over. Only the Body will remain and remain forever, and this Body of Christ is the unique tabernacle as God’s dwelling place on this earth, the unique Bride of the Lamb.
	-	The Father is the source, the Lord is the element, and the Spirit is the essence of the Body. These four entities are built together.
	-	This Body of Christ is the organism of the unseen God.
	-	The New Jerusalem is the consummation of God and man. God has constituted Himself into our humanity and our humanity also has been constructed into His divinity.
	-	The New Jerusalem is the ultimate consummation of God’s eternal economy.
	-	This economy with God’s dispensing will consummate in one city.
	-	The Triune God, Christ, life and the Spirit, and the church, the Body, and ultimately, the New Jerusalem.
	-	The significance of our blending is the reality of the Body of Christ.
	-	This reality is nothing but the group of God’s redeemed who have all been made God, the God-men, by God.
	-	The reality of the Body of Christ is a living by all the God-men united, joined, and constituted together with God by mingling humanity with divinity and divinity with humanity.
	-	Every day remember that you are a God-man. You have God living in you, making His home in you. You and He, He and you, are mingled together as one.
	-	When you do not live by your natural life, but live by the divine life within you, you are in resurrection. The issue of this is the Body of Christ. The reality of the divine life within us is the resurrection, which is the pneumatic Christ, the all-inclusive Spirit, and the processed and consummated Triune God.

4/9/2019
DDong
541
539
976
Same moon. It is not different moons. In the same way the Body of Christ is one Body. And that same Body needs to be expressed locally. We cannot be in two different places at the same time. But what we see should be the same Body. The expression of that local church should be the same expression of the Body. So how can the local churches be autonomous, saying that, ‘I am totally independent of you.’ The Bible teaches us that each locality, the group of elders, are responsibility to that locality. But it is in the administrative sense (e.g. when to start the meetings). But in essence, life, element, appearance, color, and function we are all the same. We are interdependent. We are the Body of Christ. They cannot be independent. We are the Body of Christ. But many local churches, you have to make sure that you are the expression of that Body of Christ. So right now you are being trained. You are not mainly mingling with your local churches but in the training environment, partially in the local church. But when you get out of here, remember, your job is to be built up with other saints and make sure that that local church is the expression of the Body of Christ. And not all the saints in that local churches will see the same way. That is why Br. Lee is calling the overcomers, those who see that in each local church there should be the expression of the Body of Christ. If other saints do not want to be part of that expression of the Body of Christ, let them be, but I must be an expression of the Body of Christ in this locality. I must be an overcomer. That is why you are being trained here. The future of the Lord’s recovery is on your shoulders. That is very scary. But you all must stand up and say, ‘Lord, here I am, build Yourself into me, build me into You…I want to be that representative of that local church to be Zion in Jerusalem.’ IV. You cannot be in the universal church without being in a local church because you are limited by space and time. If you are in LA, don’t try to be an overcomer in the church in NYC. Your real love, whether you can be built another member is the test of the real love to the Lord. In the first message, Br. Lee said that Br. Nee’s ministry has four stages: 1) clear presentation of what our salvation is (mainly the judicial redemption). Could you imagine that among Christians today there are so many people not clear about their redemption? It is up to us to share that with them, to bring that to the public. Not just Christians but all the Gentiles. 2) The practicality of the church life (the local church). Through Br. Nee, the oneness expressed in each locality was recovered. 3) Christ must be everything—the centrality and the universality of God’s work. Br. Nee did not use the word ‘economy’ yet. It was God’s work, God’s purpose, whatever God is doing. That is the universality. It is Watchman Nee that told us that Christ must be our life. In your experience, you must experience Christ as your life. Christ must be subjective to you. Christ must be lived out from you to be the reality of the service, the things that you do. Then he went on to see further in the fourth stage of his ministry; 4) the Body of Christ. When all the members enjoy Christ as their enter and everything, then all the believers will be built together as the Body of Christ. It was like playing music to the cows. And the cows did not understand. Somebody said the cows produce more milk when they listen to Mozart. But I don’t think cows understand Mozart. Br. Nee was sharing about the Body of Christ… ‘Oh, I must stop and fellowship…’ that is true. But that becomes an outward regulation of Christ. Is it because of your inner life requiring you to do that or is it because of outward regulation? Br. Nee said we pick up the outward knowledge…but we do not know what it means. Br. Lee also has four stages in his ministry. 1) Experience and enjoyment of Christ (e.g. calling on the Lord, pray-reading). It is the subjective enjoyment of Christ. Without calling on the name of the Lord, Christ will be just objective to you. Is Christ the bread of life? Yes. He is the bread of life in the heavens. But John 6 says He came down from the heavens. Where is He today? If I don’t enjoy Him, the bread of life might as well be in the heaven. But praise the Lord for the first stage in Christ’s ministry. He showed that Christ is enjoyable. You church kids and those brought in from the campuses, you are so fortunate. People before you never heard of enjoying Christ. Most Christians did not know that Christ was enjoyable. Most thought that God is somebody you need to please. But He is looking over you; ‘Bad boy today!’ When I was a young Christian, I was in junior high and high school, I prayed a lot, ‘Lord, help me to be a good boy.’ We all want to be the best trainee. We never thought that God is enjoyable. It is not a mere concept. It is a vision to us. ~God is good for food! But people didn’t even know that hey had a spirit. How can you enjoy the Lord without your spirit? 2) The Life-studies. Even in the Life-studies, even though he went through a lot of the books of the Bible, in those Life-studies you see not just doctrines. He applied those doctrines into enjoyment, in subjective experiences. That is why it is not just called study but Life-study. It is the ‘life’ study. Not just studying life. 3) ~1980. God’s economy. Before He saw God’s economy, He saw God’s dispensing. In 1980s, he shared that God has gone through all the processes to become the Spirit to dispense Himself into us. That is a big turn in his ministry. It is not just life working in you, living in you. It is the whole Triune God, went through the process, consummated as the consummated Spirit. That Spirit is living in you. And that Spirit is dispensing Himself, all that He is, all that He has been doing, all that He has obtained and attained; is now dispensed into you. From there he went on to say, God has an economy! I have a young grandson. When he was like 2 years old, someone gave him 20 piece jigsaw puzzle. The whole Bible is full of jigsaw pieces. About 2000 pieces. You read this passage, you find there is one piece. You read another passage, there is another piece. I thought, ‘God, why don’t You write Your Bible systematically?’ Then there is no need for history, failures, Paul’s 14 epistles…and then the New Jerusalem. What is going on here? Why doesn’t God say, ‘You are just so organized in mind…so let me give you a theology Bible.’ Isn’t that nice? Wouldn't that be nice? Why do you think God didn’t do that? Br. Nee one time said, ‘I wrote Spiritual Man. After it was published I reread it again and felt that that is no good.’ Why? ‘Because I wrote was too systematically clear.’ What does that mean? If you have a good mind, a mind that can go to universities, you can read it and understand it. You will say, ‘Right, now I see, man has three parts…’ Watchman Nee was very clear, logical person. But he said it was no good because you then don’t need God’s revelation to make it clear to you. Why is the Bible not systematic? When you read it, you don’t know what you are reading. Many Christians say that they don’t understand the Bible. Br. Lee, in his ministry, put all the jigsaw puzzle pieces together. Darby saw pieces. Watchman Nee saw more pieces. Witness Lee put all the pieces together—eternity past to eternity future: God’s economy. But that is not the last stage of his ministry. He was not satisfied with that. That had a purpose. What was that purpose? 4) The economy of God is for the Body of Christ. Since 1980s, Br. Lee has given numerous messages on the Body of Christ. You were not born yet but you can check with your parents, their must have been in a lot of conferences in which Br. Lee spoke a lot about the Body of Christ. 1986 (the conference on the Body of Christ). Br. Lee has given many messages on the Body of Christ. But why is he, now at 1994, close to his end, almost two year before he passed away, he began to see blending. What is the purpose of blending? Why should we have the blending? The Body of Christ. You got it? This is his fourth stage, his carrying for the Body of Christ. Recently, we had two conferences (Thanksgiving and Chinese Speaking) on the matter of the reality of the Body of Christ. Not just the talks about the Body of Christ, not just the doctrines of the Body of Christ, but it is the [actual] reality of the Body of Christ. We coworkers received Br. Lee’s burden, vision, and we try to carry it out. So we speak on them. But just speaking on them is not what we do. In the churches we are taking care of, we are making sure the reality of the Body of Christ is our actual church life. So today I want you to really realize what is Br. Lee’s burden. Br. Lee, in the beginning of the message, spoke against about the local churches’ autonomy…on the positive aspect, every local church is the same. The messengers are in the hand of the Lord and they are the stars, they shine. They are those who really reflect the sun and shine. And the Lord in chapter one says, the seven churches are the seven golden lampstands. Because people talked about the autonomy of the local churches, it forced Br. Lee to clarify. All the local churches are the same. The only difference is the negative side. We Americans like to eat hamburgers. You Chineses like to eat kung-pow chicken. That is your culture, upbringing. The Body has to go through the cross. The cross is like the filter. Filter for all the natural things. You like the modern music. I like classical music. I like Mozart, Beethoven. But that is my natural taste…The cross will terminate all the natural and only what is in resurrection, that is, in the Spirit, is the Body of Christ. And the blending of the Body of Christ, the meaning, the significance, of the Body of Christ, is to produce that Body of Christ. So it is not a physical thing…you can come in your physical bodies. But you also brought your soul with you. And if your soul did not pass through the cross and became one with your spirit, don’t bring that soul, I don’t want it. That is not blending.

The significance of our blending is the reality of the Body of Christ. What is the reality of the Body of Christ? Something real within us. That is the resurrection. What is the resurrection? It is only the Spirit. ‘The reality is nothing but a group of God’s redeemed who have been made God, the God-man, by God. ‘Under construction.’ I may not look much like a God-man but I am being made a God-man. Not only God-man but being made God, the God-man, by God. They live their life not by themselves but by God. His life is much better than our life (e.g. sinless, perfect). He has not been damaged by sin. But even that Christ did not live by that human life. He lived by the divine life. ‘I live because of the Father.’ This is a very familiar verse that we should have. This is how the Lord Jesus lived. He had the perfect human life. He did not live that life. He lived the Father’s life. And we who eat Him will also live because of Him. But the problem is, you and I trust our own nature a lot more than you think. Colossians; Paul points out that their problem is not jus their evil (e.g. fornications). He said a lot about philosophy, wisdom, culture, and religion. Any of these things good? Is culture good? Sure. Do you want to be the best trainee? Who said that? The training culture said that. Or your old man said that. Then what do I do? Not strive to be the best trainee? No, I should strive to be the a God-man. I am a God-man! I don’t care for [my natural ability] anymore. I want to live by the Spirit to be the God-man.

He is not just in us. He is making home in us. The word ‘make’ implies a lot of work. This word ‘make’ means you have to build. First of all you have to tear down. Then you build. That is called make. So you must be willing, allowing the Lord to tear down your natural being. I know some of you are very smart. I don’t want to offend anybody. You all are very smart. If you are offended you are in your natural man…you will trust your smartness. This is the fleshly wisdom. [When something happens to us], instead of turning to the Lord and praying, a lot of people turn to our plan B. What is the God-man? He lived God’s life. He says, ‘Lord, how do You live after graduation?’ When the Lord says, I want to do this, after graduation, I need to rely on the Lord…I have to deny myself and go this way and in doing this I learn that I must be one with Him.

‘Not the letters, no the organization, not the religion, even Christianity,’ not this, not that. It is just the Spirit.
REACHING THE HIGH PEAK OF ZION
Br. Lee likened our Christian life to today’s education. In today’s education the goal is not merely to finish elementary school and junior high school and then to graduate from high school. The goal is to study in a university and to earn not only a bachelor’s degree but even a master’s degree or a Ph.D. To be in the church life may be likened to being in high school. Being satisfied to be merely in the church life, we may say, “Praise the Lord! Hallelujah for the church life! How good it is!” But will this reach the goal for the fulfillment of the Lord’s purpose? It will not, just as graduating from high school will not reach the goal of the purpose of today’s education. Today in the recovery, we need to go on and on to reach the high peak of God’s economy; we have to reach Mount Zion.
Jerusalem is built on the top of a mountain. Although Jerusalem is good, it is not the peak. In Jerusalem there is a peak, that is, Mount Zion, on which the temple was built. The good situation in the recovery today is just like Jerusalem. However, there is no Zion. In the New Testament the overcomers are likened to Zion. In Revelation 14:1 the 144,000 overcomers are not just in Jerusalem; they are on the peak of Zion.

Hence, Mount Zion signifies the overcomers who live in the reality of the Body of Christ today.

Conclusion: 
We may see clearly that the reality of the Body of Christ is the living of God and man together.

This life of God-man is a life that is man yet God and God yet man.

today, if we desire to have the reality of the Body of Christ, we must live the God-man life. To live the God-man life, we need to receive the cross.

If we know the power of resurrection, we will surely be delighted to be in the mold of the cross and to be conformed to it. Hence, Philippians 3:10 says that it is through the resurrection power of Christ that we are conformed to the death of Christ. By ourselves we cannot be conformed to Christ’s death; by ourselves we cannot deny ourselves.

How can we participate in the fellowship of His sufferings? Col. 1:24 tells us that Paul rejoiced in his sufferings...for the Body of Christ. How was he able to rejoice in his sufferings? He wasn’t merely clear about God’s economy. But also it is because he knew the power of resurrection.

We are conformed to the death of Christ by the power of His resurrection, which is not a thing or a matter but a person, the life-giving Spirit.

The One who was God incarnated to be a man and who became the God-man, not by His human life but by His divine life. He did not live by his human life, even though it was perfect. But rather He lived by another life, the life of the Father. How  much more we need to lay aside our human life and live by the life of Christ.

The reality of the Body of Christ is the union and mingling of God with man to live out a corporate God-man. For this we need to pass through death and resurrection, dying daily and being resurrected daily.

3/19/2019
JLee
What Miracle!
The reality of the Body of Christ is so clear to us today. The realty of the Body of Christ is a living. Not activities, etc. Not even a mere vision, or even a practice. Living of who? A group of God-men. Jesus Christ was the first God-man. What God is after is a group of God-men. It is a living of two persons living in union, mingling, and incorporation...resulting in this organism called the Body of Christ, this one universal corporate man.

From the very beginning, God was interested in man, focused on man. The whole creation was bring forth this man. Not just some handsome, strong, intelligent man, but one to be exactly like Him and contain Him...to have an organic relationship with him. John 1:14, flesh refers to fallen, sinful man. Yet He had no sin. Even knew no sin.

In the course of His living, He perfected a model of God-man living. Not a Superman. But an ordinary man who is being united, mingled, and incorporated with God.

He lived because of the Father.

Where the Head is, the Body is also there. One universal person.

How can two live as one?

Consider why Br. Lee brought in the matter of ambition, division, and the caution.

The overcomers, the vital groups, are today’s Zion. My burden today is to help you reach the peak of the vital groups, that is, the overcomers’ Zion. Although we may have a good church life, among us there is almost no realization, no practicality, no actuality, and no reality of the Body life. This is the need in the recovery today.

4/2/2019
DDong
841
840 (read)

[Review]

The matter of the Body is what is on the Lord’s heart...we are on the same boat. We are all learning. That is why we’ve had the last two conferences (Thanksgiving and Chinese Speaking) on this topic. Reality is something intrinsic, something real, but may not be outward. Outwardly there are manifestations of that reality. But the reality is the reality thing. For instance God is real. But nobody can see God. The reality of God is in the Spirit. Today, when the Lord Jesus was on the earth, there was a man on the earth that was the reality of God. The real God was on the man. When this man was in Galilee, God wasn’t there in the temple. I don’t who they are praying to (in the temple), because the real God is in Galilee. Where is God? In us! The Triune God is in us (above all, through all, and in us all). As we come together as the Body, there is more of the reality. But Br. Lee said he doesn’t see much. So we must: 1) humble ourselves, ‘Lord, I don’t know what the reality of the Body of Christ is but I want to know; because it is your purpose, the goal of Your economy.’ The purpose is to form us into one Body. 1 Cor. 12:13. We were all baptized in one Spirit. Not in one water. But in one Spirit into one Body. And that is real. That is the reality. When Paul said that, he touched the reality. When you say that, you may not touch the reality. When a baptist person say that he may mean ‘you have to be baptized in my water.’ Your insisting on things that are not real, that is division. We pray that the Lord will show us that through the blending the Lord will build His Body. And the goal is to have the reality of the Body. The blending is the process.

Message 1 we saw what is the purpose of the blending. Today we will see what is the need of the blending. In message 1 Br. Lee revealed Br. Nee’s ministry (in its four stages):  1) A clear view of God’s salvation. Page 11—after presenting the clear view of God’s salvation, Br. Nee went and clear the matter of 2) the church to us. We are the members of the church. And his ministry turns to the local churches, the local ground of the church. 3) Christ as life to us. The church is just a container. The content is Christ. You may say, ‘all Christians have Christ as their content.’ But nobody really saw who Christ was. Christ is the centrality and universality of God, God’s creation, God’s redemption, God’s salvation, the church, the kingdom, and the New Jerusalem. Everything God is doing is with Christ as the center and the universality. The purpose of doing that is that you may enjoy life, enjoy Christ as life. The fourth stage: 4) the Body of Christ (1949). The outward framework of the Body—the church ground. The content of the church—Christ as life and everything. After you enjoy Christ, all of us are built together as the Body of Christ. So today we come to Br. Lee’s ministry. On page 15, the second paragraph says, ‘In the first period of my ministry in this country (United States—1962; what he did in Taiwan was a continuation of Br. Nee’s ministry; after moving to the United States he started anew), he spoke on the experience and enjoyment of Christ. Even though Br. Nee revealed who Christ was not many people still experienced this Christ. So Br. Lee started with ‘enjoying Christ.’ People knew that they need to believe and then they will go to heaven. But who is Christ? Not until Br. Lee came we did not really know that the Spirit is actually Christ, He is the pneumatized Christ. 1 Cor. 15:45—the whole Adam, spirit, soul, and body; became the life-giving Spirit. He is not only in the heaven but He is now in my spirit. He is in my spirit as the whole Jesus Christ. Now He is in us so we can enjoy Him. At the end of Br. Lee’s ministry, at 1996 (in the beginning of 1997 he gave a Chinese Speaking conference) gave a conference about reigning in life equaling sanctification, confroming, glorification...then in 1997, he gave...our Christian life is based on faith (not feeling). And faith is based on the word of God. Based on faith by two divine transfers: out of Adam into Christ. Out of flesh into spirit. The first transfer, out of Adam into Christ; who is Adam. Adam is the objective ‘I,’ Christ is also the objective ‘I.’ The flesh is the subjective ‘I,’ and the Spirit is the subjective Christ.’ Br. Lee’s ministry is to turn this objective truth to subjective experience. I remember it very much. And he released the matter of calling on the Lord, it just released us from all our trying to ‘do.’ #841—‘I will cease completely...’ What is your vain effort? Trying to improve yourself. I was a young man like you and I always wanted to be better. So you improve yourself. That is your effort. But you couldn’t overcome your flesh. Romans 7 is very clear. Whenever you think of doing something good, the evil rises up and overcomes you and forces you to do what you don’t want to do, like losing your temper. What is besetting sin? Something you commit over and over and over again. And you try to devise many many things to try to help yourself and better yourself. Eventually you find out, ‘My efforts all vain.’ ‘Let Thy life transform, full release to gain.’ We know that. But how come we still try to improve yourself? Because you love yourself so much. You like to be the good self, the better self. All this is against the reality of the Body of Christ. Second stage; 1974, he moved to Anaheim. He changed from always holding conferences to conducting semiannual trainings to give the Life-study of His word. Praise the Lord for the Life-study of the Word...if you do not have the Life-studies, you don’t get through your elementary and high school education. Then in the bottom of that page (15), ~1980, the third stage of his ministry is on God’s economy. Stuttgart and Anaheim (a conference given). In the last stage, it was the reality of the Body of Christ. All that he has shared, ministered, was all for the one thing, the Body of Christ. Today, we are also coming to the Lord’s goal of His work, that is the Body of Christ. The last two conferences have been on this matter. So we need to reach to the high peak of Zion. It was shared in the review; what is the high peak of Zion? Overcomers. Who are the overcomers? Vital groups. Are you in vital groups? How can we have the reality of the Body of Christ if we all just are not vital. I pray that the Lord will show every one of us. Some of you are attentive, some of you are sleeping. It is up to you. You gave the Lord two years. It is up to you how to use these two years. I cannot help you that much. I can give you some regulations but next week you will be the same again. It is you. You have to receive the light from the Lord and deal with the Lord. Don’t think you can ‘give two years to the Lord,’ and afterwards ‘I am on my own.’ No. I hope that the training will give you a vision of God’s economy and your career means nothing, really, it is all vanity. You think that Tesla was some new thing, but today you just watch, it is going to go bankrupt pretty soon. Mainly because Elon Musk is like a Trump. And more competitions. German cars are all electric. This technology everyone can share. You will have a problem. If you do not know how to manage your company you will have a problem. To manage your company, this is really Body-principle, you need everybody. I hope that you will really see. It is His mercy that we are in the training. Do not think that this is your payback to the Lord. He spent all His years for you. Not just 33 and a half years. It was the whole eternity. And you give the Lord two years and even so sloppily, you owe the Lord. Br. Lee really wants us to get into the high peak of the divine revelation, of Zion. Not just being satisfied with being in the church life. Some of us complained that the church life is not good. But some church life is so nice, ‘I love you, you love me.’ We are just buddy buddies. This is Jerusalem. Very good. But the Lord’s goal is not achieved by Jerusalem. It is achieved by Zion, the high peak. That is the vital groups. What is vital groups? Go out to knock on doors? No. You read about the vital groups. You pray. And you contact the Lord as light. And you let the Lord shine into you and you confess. Obvious sins we can confess quickly. There are some hidden sins. You need to stay in the Lord’s presence. Allow Him to penetrate you more. The Lord may touch you. We may think we have done a good job, giving up this and that for the Lord and loving the Lord. One problem that we have: the matter of the temper. I’m married so me and my wife would sometimes have temper flying here and there. But every time I lose my temper the Lord cause me to say, ‘I’m sorry.’ It is not easy but relatively easy. But it is harder to stay in the Lord’s presence, allow the Lord to shine what is the root of your losing of your temper. The problem is not your temper. What is the root? Why do you like to lose your temper? The reason is you are proud. Your pride will cause you to not to accept her criticism or her whatever. ‘How dare she disagree with me? I am the husband! I am the head of the household!’ This is the pride. The pride in you will cause you to lose your temper. You will rise up. If you are driving on the freeway and some people hit you. They may say, ‘It is your fault.’ Your temper may fly out. You need to go to the Lord. Why is my temper flying out? ‘My dignity is at question.’ Is the Lord the light? Yes. Or is the Lord just some Santa Claus giving you the light. You have to touch the Lord. ‘Lord, You Yourself is my light. I want to be in Your presence. Shine into me, go deep, please. Lord...I’m just opening to You.’ That is the vital groups’ first step. You need to confess not only your sin, your failures, your defects, your mistakes. Even eventually, the Lord will shine in you not just the unclean things, but the clean things. Not only the bad things but the good things. Your good things are also natural. Why do I mention this here? This has to do with the reality of the Body. No natural man, nothing natural. Am I right? To be in the reality of the Body of Christ, all my natural being has to be dealt with. To be dealt with not so much by someone coming to me and saying that ‘you are wrong in this.’ My confessing these days is mostly, ‘O Lord, in this thing I did not live Christ, in that I did not live Christ.’ This is a lot of confession. We need to empty ourselves so that the Lord can fill us. He needs to fill us so that He can become our vitality. You read the four Gospels. The first God-man, what did He do? He showed us that He was really a man who was concerned and consumed with the compassions for man. He spent His time contacting people. Of course we are in the Body of Christ, now, it is no longer I alone. I will have companions, two or three of us, we will go out and contact people. We will have concern for people. And Br. Lee started the God-ordained way, He had twos and threes go knock on the doors. But recently we found out that Br. Lee wasn’t interesting you and me following what they are doing. It is about us becoming vital in our spirit. We become concerned for our neighbor, family, people on the street. We preach the gospel as the branch of the vine. There is a overflowing of the divine life. That life is living out from me as the real interest for this person. He will touch that leper. Why? The Lord Jesus touched him. This is how He loved people, the object of God’s salvation. So 1) be vital. To be blended you must be vital. You must go to the Lord and pour out yourself and empty yourself, let the Lord fill you that you may live Christ. Really, what the Lord wants is the Body of Christ, not just you preach the gospel. All these (three—begetting, nourishing, perfecting) are for the fourth, the building up of the Body of Christ. Br. Lee said we build it up by prophesying. You can have the outward prophesying without the real prophesying and the Body of Christ is still not built up. That is why Br. Lee asked, ‘Where is the Body of Christ?’

...How much my natural life is terminated and how much I am in the resurrection life of Christ. What is the resurrection life of Christ? Are we in college spiritually? It depends on you. If you want this to be the graduate class, you will take more searching. But if you take it as a mere college class you will. What is the resurrection life of Christ? What is the difference between my life right now and the resurrection life of Christ? Why did Br. Lee say that—‘The reality of the Body of Christ is absolutely in the resurrection life of Christ?’ Resurrection must go through death. Death means what? Termination to all my natural being. Good natural being or bad natural being? All of it? Even the good ones? I hope this become a vision to you. A lot of us would keep the good. Amalekites. The Lord said to slaughter all because they are flesh. Don’t laugh at Saul. You are Saul. I am Saul. We like to keep the good things. Naturally I love the brothers and sisters and I like to spend and be spent, and naturally I am enthusiastic, zealous...Maybe I will keep that. Absolutely in resurrection means even your good things, all the good king and the good cattle of the Amalekites must go. That is to be totally in resurrection. ‘In resurrection means our natural life is crucified and then God created part of our being is uplifted in resurrection to be one with Christ in resurrection.’ So our natural life, good or bad, is crucified and God-created part, is resurrected and uplifted into His divinity. ‘We need to ask ourselves if the coordination among us is by resurrection or by our natural man.’ Only the resurrection of life is the reality of the Body of Christ. Then he says, ‘Anything that is carried out, even Scripturally, but in the natural life, is not in the Body of Christ.’ The Body of Christ is something absolutely in the resurrection life of Christ. Even Scripturally. Even this need to go through death and resurrection. Then we will have the reality of the Body of Christ. So what is the blending? The blending is a way to arrive at this reality of the Body of Christ. Through to blending we will lose our individuality. 1 Cor. 12, Paul uses some illustration. The feet says, ‘I am not the hand, so I am not of the body.’ This is not blending. What is blending? If you are foot and not the hand...you may say of course they are all body. But in our experience we may say that we are not—‘I am not the brother so and so, just a foot, and my shoe smells, and I am nobody, I am not of [the Body].’ Blending is to blend out all our individuality. You think you are foot, you are hand, in the Body we are all the same, we blend. That is the purpose of the blending. But really the reality of the Body is being in resurrection.

May the Lord have mercy on us so that we see what the Lord wants and let’s be the overcomers (vital persons), and live Christ. Be mingled with one another, blend with one another. May the Lord really gain us in that way.

Conclusion:
	-	Concerning one thing, that is, how God became man and also how He makes man God. The issue of this matter of God becoming man and man becoming God is an organism. This organism is the union and mingling of God with man, and this organism is also the Body of Christ.
	-	The essence of the virtues of the Lord Jesus is the divine attributes.
	-	He lived a human life, yet what He lived out was not something human but something divine. This means that the divine attributes were lived out of Him to become the virtues of Jesus.
	-	My Lord and my God—John 20:28
	-	Psa. 2:7; Acts 13:33—That God has fully fulfilled this promise to us their children in raising up Jesus, as it is also written in the second Psalm, “You are My Son; this day have I begotten You.”
	-	Today I have begotten You means that on the day of resurrection the humanity of Christ was begotten by God to be the Son of God. It was from this day that the Son of God had the human nature within Him.
	-	In the resurrection of Christ, first, Jesus with His humanity was begotten to be the firstborn Son of God; second, we, the God-chosen and Christ-redeemed people, were begotten to be the many sons of God; and third, the last Adam in His humanity, who is the incarnated Jesus, became the life-giving Spirit.
	-	‘God becoming man and man becoming God’ was very prevailing in ancient times. Hence, early in the fourth century Athanasius, who was present at the Nicene Council, said that ‘He was made man that we might be made God.’
	-	Those in the early days taught this not as clearly and carefully as we do today (not in the Godhead).
	-	The process which God went through from incarnation to resurrection was the procedure for Him to become man. Eventually in His resurrection He became the life-giving Spirit. In this Spirit He comes to carry out the work of making man God.
	-	
	-	We need to pay attention to the treasure within. When we see the treasure within, we will not be divided. As long as we are divided, we no longer see the treasure. Hence, the reality of the Body of Christ is the consummated Triune God within us, who is the pneumatic Christ, the resurrection. May the Lord have mercy on us to turn us from the outward things to the reality.

3/12/2019
JLee
489

Bulk of the revelation.

[Presentation]

Surely what is covered is very profound. On the one hand they are very familiar to us...It is not too hard to understand these words. But I feel you are still speaking in the level of words. Revelation is different. You have to pray more, dig deep into it more. These words are familiar to Christians today. But they took it in an outward way. Christmas, Easter, etc...without any intrinsic revelation of what all these mean. What do these processes have anything to do with the Body of Christ? Our thought, consideration of the Body of Christ is something apart from Christ. This Body of Christ has to be Christ. If this organism is to be Christ, then what Christ passed through, these processes would be very critical to us. This is not just for our enjoyment. We have to see that these processes that Christ went through need to be repeated in us. They caused Him to become something. Beginning from His incarnation, God was born into humanity. In God’s eternal purpose, with His good pleasure, God wants to work with man. His desire is with humanity. And He created man in that particular way...when He came to create man, He was very particular. He made man according to His own image, after His likeness, this indicates (to man’s) very particular relationship with God. Technically God was creating God. And yet in the form of human being. God’s likeness, God’s image are being replicated in this entity, in this person. God Himself is invisible, yet He does have a form—while talking to Moses. We cannot see God’s glory, direct appearance but God does have a form. So we were created to be exactly like Himself. And God has chosen to express His intention through this vessel, through this human being. But the enemy intervened. But God became a man Himself. Of course, on the negative side, there was a need (man needing to be redeemed). But that really is not the whole intention why God came to be a man. If that was all that of Jesus coming was about, He didn’t have to take so long a time (on the earth). He went through the whole process to become an adult. He lived that life to perfect a model, a kind of living, according to God’s desire. That matches God’s intention...He is God mingled with man. The source was God. All the attributes of God was being lived out in this person’s life in His human virtues. Many Christians do not see this intrinsic aspect. So He lived such a mysterious life. ‘You don’t know what kind of spirit you are.’ “I am not here to destroy people. I am here to minister God as life.” The humanity that He put on, strictly speaking, was not yet God, not yet involved with the divinity until His resurrection. He was begotten again. ‘On this day have I begotten You.’

The very house of God is the issue of this one worked on by God, produced as the seed. In His resurrection, He brought the humanity He put on into divinity, to sonship.

This very Spirit, the Spirit of reality, as the totality of all that God has passed trough and consummated, has now sonized us to make us many sons of God. Wherever this Spirit is now, there is the Body of Christ. The Spirit is the reality of resurrection. As such He becomes the reality of the Body of Christ today.

We may have the Body of Christ in form. But that is not the reality if the Spirit is absent. This Spirit is operating in us to make us exactly the same as Jesus. We can never separate the Body of Christ from Christ. This Body is not merely neck down. This Body is a body of a person with Christ as the Head. We have to become God in life and nature so that we can become this corporate universal man.

2/26/2019
JLee
What Miracle! What Mystery!
Very much in line with the burden of our speaking these days—the reality of the Body of Christ. Surely this is something, I believe, is in the Lord’s heart very much until He comes back. Whether we use this exact utterance or not, there is something here, ‘the new man,’ ‘the testimony of Jesus,’ we are talking about the same thing. Beginning from God’s eternal purpose, then the degradation of the church, the recovery of the church, the ground of the church. Those are more extrinsic…learning about the church and how the church works, which are necessary. We are not belittling that. Just like human beings need to dress properly, have proper appearance. But in addition to that, there is a lot more that goes on in your mind, heart, intention, feeling. All these things determine more of who you are and than how you dress. In the human sense, you have the external, or the extrinsic consideration, as well as the intrinsic consideration. We hope to bring you into more of these intrinsic consideration. I treasure this book very, very much. I’ve been teaching this class for a couple of decades. It doesn’t mean that I know this thing. I have read it how many times, but today I still have to read it. Although the words are familiar, the light is continuous, the light is still coming. So don’t belittle words, messages, that you have read, that you have become familiar with. It is not about the words. I think the Br. Lee said, everything for us to go on in the Lord’s recovery is all here, all in the books. They are all there. I really believe that. Everything for us to be prepared to be the bride to bring the Lord back is here in the ministry. But it is the matter of how we handle this, how we enter into this. We are going to have a lot of repetition…we need to breakthrough that familiarity. Don’t let that hinder you from receiving fresh light. We’ll have a wonderful term in this class. Many of these books are given in 1994, very crucial year. He wrote that great hymn we sang earlier. That was a monumental year, a monumental time, where we were officially brought to this high peak vision the see God’s economy in the highest revelation that as the result of God’s dispensing Himself into us, which is what His economy is about, it is at its peak, this dispensing results in God becoming man and man becoming God, issuing in the organism, a corporate entity, God mingling with man and man mingling with God to become the Body of Christ that will ultimate consummate in the New Jerusalem. ’94—the year began with that conference with that great hymn. Br. Lee away from the meeting for three months. Then a lot more speaking from the Lord concerning his ministry and the going on of the recovery…and also in that year in May it was considered that he asked the Lord what to stress in his ministry after recovering from the illness. The Lord told Him: 1) The Body of Christ and the life of the Body. 2) The reality of the life of the Body of Christ. For the remainder of his life. Br. Lee asked the Lord to help him to carry out these two emphases. And then there was a group of coworkers from Taiwan, coming over to visit him. He has not been back to Taiwan for some time. This is when Br. Lee gave them this fellowship in four sessions (the book we are reading). There is so much that we wanted to unload to these brothers. He does not believe that even 300-400 messages would be adequate to unload what the Lord has given to him. He was so burdened. But he didn’t know how much [time he had]. It was a hard to hard talk. It wasn’t given as a message, a conference. So I treasure these few messages very much, especially the first couple of messages that we are getting into, which brings us into a lot of history. As younger ones, as the Lord’s recovery advances, less and less saints are familiar with who Witness Lee was…and we hear about the high peak truth, God’s organic salvation…they don’t know that this is the tip of the iceberg. They don’t know what lies beneath. I feel indebted to the younger generation. We can only do so much to at least be somewhat knowledgeable about where we came from. These two messages give a very brief yet concise history. If you want to have a more knowing about our history, I recommend you, The History of the Local  Churches. Of course, The Seer of the Divine Revelation, his own writing. 1981, Br. Lee conducted one of the most comprehensive history of the Lord’s recovery. It is called The Vision and Revelation. Very worthwhile. Available in DVD. You can watch them. Then Memorial Day Conference…which became the foundation to the conferences (in the last year). I hope that the Lord would touch you to pray much. You don't just read the black and white. That is easy. Don’t miss the light. Don’t miss the revelation that the Lord wants to convey to you. A lot of things I am not going to repeat to you (the things written here). You will pick them up in your studies. But I would like to remind you read them carefully. Sometimes you read these books…like a fiction, and you read some of the details. And some of these details, the Lord wants to shine on you, history, as opposed to a lot of teachings that we learn, it is another thing we don’t have an official class [about]. Yet, here and there, we have some coverage of history among us. I would like to stress this point with you. As the recovery progresses, the history becomes fading. As more and more younger and newer ones are being raised up, the history is fading away. It becomes a little bit disjointed, there is a disconnect, as compare to when Br. Lee was here. He was the embodiment of [the history], enumerating to us what He went through. We need help from history. But unfortunately, as time goes on, the history becomes somewhat fading away. And the new ones only grab some of the thoughts and teachings and forget about the history. So as trainees you are privileged…to learn about different truths and teachings…but also try your best to pick up the history, to learn the history. I hope our trainees would have at least some familiarity, that we would not be totally disconnected from what the Lord has given to us.

From the very beginning of this chapter, Br. Lee talked about Br. Nee, how God raise him up. The matter of salvation. Although there was many missionaries, Hudson Taylor…they did a great job…but they did not know that much about many riches of God’s salvation. Even the assurance of salvation. Many did not know that once you are saved, you are eternally saved. After God raised up Br. Nee…the matter of salvation, the normal Christian life, the judicial redemption, the reconciliation back to God, justification…would be covered by Br. Nee thoroughly. No one spoke [about these things]. No one helped them to be assured, to be found, to be established, in their salvation. Br. Nee, just on that point alone, made quite an impact to the Christianity in China. Normal Christian Faith—gives you a good help. Twelve Baskets Full. Twelves volumes and twelve messages in each volume. They were our great treasure when we were young. I brought them (in pamphlet form) to school with me and I would just walk and read. It was a delight, a real enjoyment, reading those messages. But they are very sweet, very enlightening. Many aspects about the judicial aspects of salvation and redemption, this is the first aspect of Br. Nee’s ministry. Then along with that, he began to speak on the matter of the church, the church life. Br. Nee was a super reader. Some people even called him ‘devil brain.’ He read 3000 volumes. Read ‘em all and retained them (from Christianity and brethren writings). Saw all the defects of Protestantism and exposed all of that. At that time his mother was in a Protestant denomination. He saw all the corruptions in the denomination and did not want to go back anymore. So by the help of the brethren teaching, he got the help to see what is the proper practice of the church. 1922, three of them began to meet as the first church in China, the church in Foochow. The Spirit was poured out upon them. Though it was a small number, that was a genuine church. So he spoke very much concerning what the proper church life should be. The ground of locality, the ground of oneness. There is a tremendous collection of his speakings and messages. Further Talks of the Church. There were few messages in that. Br. Lee compiled that book. At that time, when Br. Nee was speaking on the matter of the church, some who appreciated Br. Nee’s speaking on Christ, redemption, salvation, even Christ as life, started to question him, ‘Br. Nee changed.’ Br. Nee has not changed. He was still continuing the revelation he received. He saw that the purpose of all that is the church. Br. Nee helped to compile…Br. Nee had not changed. He did not stop, drop. While he was ministering on the matter of Christ as life, he was speaking on the matter of the church. So it was a very helpful book to get into—The Further Talks of the Church. Then the third thing was experiencing Christ as life, which is so subjective to us, so intimate, so personal to us. He is not only my grace, supply; He is my life. That was appreciated by many Christians at that time. At that time many have not entered…once you touch Christ as life, that realm is exhaustless. It touches even God becoming man and man becoming God. This is in the realm of experiencing Christ as life to the uttermost—to the point that you become Him and He becomes you. But who lives Christ today? Do I experience Christ as life? Or is it me, still conducting myself to be religious, ethical? This is an ocean, a realm, that we know in this kind of superficial way but in reality we are very short, up to today. This is not just to experience God’s help, his miracle, his grace toward up, but really to experience Him, Christ, to be life to us, to the deepest degree…that we become Him and He becomes us, in this union, mingling, and incorporation with Him. This point was appreciated by the Christians very much but yet not that many genuinely entered into the depths of that including us today. 1939, that was, to me, a kind of landmark year…he got very disturbed. Brethren got so divided. Br. Nee wondered, what is this church life that we are talking about? We got so much help from them but how come they become so divided? He got a further light that the church is not just local, many churches…but that they are the practical expression of one universal Body of Christ. God has only one church. But practically this church is expressed locally. Then how can this church be divided? Then Br. Nee gave a conference on the Glorious Church. That is a landmark conference. If you have not read that book, this is a must-read book, to every one of us. Br. Nee spoke on that and he talked about that what causes Satan to suffer loss is not our gospel preaching or the number of churches but for God gain His church, the Body of Christ. Just eye opening. Then he continued to minister on the matter of the Body of Christ. Similar to the matter of ministering Christ as life, it was like playing piano to cows. They can see all the activities (local churches), but the Body of Christ, they cannot see. Then you have an older book called Assembly Life. But that book was very helpful…Your excommunication is not just your church. Will that excommunication be accepted by the other churches? If you think that you leave the denomination and come into the church life to get away from all the regulations to be free and enjoy the Lord, you are wrong. If you come into the church life, you are stripped, the restriction here is stronger. You are not allow to have free activities without considering other parts of the Body. I was very impressed by that. So from 1939, he began to speak a lot concerning the Body life and it was just so high, way above the believers. 1942, there was a rebellion, dissension. So the churches in other regions still operated according to their own preference and way. There was no vision of the Body whatsoever. Attacked for Br. Nee operating a pharmaceutical business. Br. Nee, begin the leader of the work, was very concerned for his coworkers (some even died of illness). Wanting to generate some support for these coworkers, started a pharmaceutical business. But Satan used this to attack the ministry. All Br. Nee said was, ‘I was like widow, having children with no food to eat and not being able to provide….’ The brother was stopped from his ministry, not allowed to minister for 6 years. Br. Nee accepted that discipline. He move but did not go against that judgement and try to start something of his own. Br. Lee knew his situation. That was altogether Satan’s attack. After that 6 years he felt led by the Lord to go with all the leading ones in Shanghai. Br. Lee asked them, ‘When Br. Nee was with you how was your condition?’ ‘So good…full of life.’ ‘How about now?’ ‘We are not in a good state. We are lacking the supply.’ Br. Lee, at that time, saw the principle of the tree of life. ‘Brothers, it is not a matter of right or wrong…for your sake of being ‘right,’ you kept this brother away. But you are in poverty.’ With that, Br. Lee was instrumental Br. Nee’s ministry. Then with that there were many turnings. 48 coworkers… K.H. Weigh (one of the former classmates of Br. Nee). He was the one who took most of the notes that became [a big part of] the collected works of Watchman Nee came from. He took very thorough notes. Br. Lee refused to talk to [the coworkers]. Br. Lee asked by them to put a good word to Br. Nee for them. He allowed two brother and two sisters to be in a room with him to talk while the rest sit outside and listen and not talk. There is no speaking of God. No one was able to bring forth fresh revelation as when Br. Nee was there. From ’42 to ’48. Br. Nee began to speak to these four about the line of Jerusalem and the line of Antioch. The line of Jerusalem is Acts 8. The persecution scattered the believers except the apostles. Then in Acts 13, with the church in Antioch, there were 5 teachers, and the Holy Spirit said, ‘Set apart for me.’ It was not the believers. But the workers were sent out. Br. Nee said, today, there is also a need of the line of Antioch, where the workers need to be there and be sent out to carry out the work. So obviously it was very inspiring. The speaking was very motivating. People would shout, ‘Br. Nee, Let's do it!’ Then he considered and said, ‘Then you have to turn over everything, your finance, family, church…’ So there was this big move of handing over everything (like in Acts). All the churches, at that time, behaved like little kingdoms (the elders behaving like little kings), in their own individualistic ways. God has one Body and we cannot do things separately. Then there was the change of political situation. There was an emergency meeting. ‘I feel that we should send Witness Lee, and for the rest of us should seek the Lord.’ And then another meeting. There was Br. Nee’s foresight, wisdom that God gave Him, and how much Br. Nee knew Br. Lee. During the time in prison he brought one person to the Lord (Brother Wu). He is here; his wife Sharon is in the bookstore. ‘When you see him (Br. Lee), you see me. Whatever he says, that is what I say.’ In China, they never have a natural friendship (between Northern and Southern China). Humanly there weren’t friendship. But Br. Lee went out…Br. Lee went to Taiwan in 1948. Then in 1962, the Lord brought Br. Lee to America. Br. Lee continued to minister Christ and the church. From Taiwan, from day 1. Although they preached the gospel a lot, his ministry was on Christ and the church right from the beginning. All the refugees came to Taiwan out of China. So the gospel meeting, there was a lot of people, wanting some benefit. Br. Lee said to the brother, ‘We need to make this clear to them…’ ‘We do not have anything to offer you except Jesus Christ and His gospel.’ He was there not only to preach the gospel, gaining a big number, but ministering Christ to them. The Body needs to have Christ dispensed into them. How can you have the Body of Christ except the dispensing of Christ. Then He saw God’s economy. So the revelation continued to climb until 1994, where it reached the peak. We can read more details. Organic move among us. We are standing on the shoulders of these brothers. The ground was laid by Br. Nee, even during those first 30 years of his ministry. Br. Nee presented this peak for us. Br. Lee continued to climb to bring us to high peak.

Reading Assignment: The High Peak of the Vision and the Reality of the Body of Christ, chapter 2

Sharing:
In the light of his own experience, Br. Lee realized that those co-workers serving full-time and their family might go without having food. So he decided to support them out of what he received in the work of his ministry to pay the expenses of providing adequate food. Despite the number of co-workers with their families reaching a peaking of 170, every year the ministry supplied them for their daily needs. From 1961 the churches began to share according to their ability in order to reduce the burden on the side of Br. Lee’s work, thus, gradually, in 1964, Br. Lee unloaded this burn.

In 1950 Br. Lee had his last contact with Br. Nee.

Br. Lee, realizing that it might not be possible for him to contact Br. Nee, asked him concerning the need of the ministry to be published in Taiwan. Out of that fellowship came out an arrangements of triune coordination among the three branches of the Gospel Book Room in Shanghai, Hong Kong, and Taiwan.

Just as it was with Br. Nee, this Gospel Book Room belonged to Br. Lee to just serve the publication of the ministry.

From 1952 on, the Lord transferred the ministry of the word to Br. Lee.

2/5/2019
JLee
1325
What Miracle! What Mystery!—memorize this

Don’t just repeat the history, facts, but what have you been touched with? What particular aspect the Lord has spoken to you. An opening word is a simple word to lead in to the message, not an overview. Lead, prepare, the listeners to what is to come.

Lack of clarity. You need to have more study to dive into these things. You need to be more careful. Br. Lee was sent out what year? 1949. Then went to Hong Kong in 1950 and was with Br. Nee for about a month and a half.

They were not in the realm of natural friendship but in the realm of God’s economy. You have to look deeper to see how these men conducted themselves and how they cared for each other and the coworkers.

We can see that altogether it is not something arranged by man but according to the sovereignty of the Lord. So in all our lives, we need to trust in the Lord’s sovereignty. You have to just submit yourself to the Lord’s sovereignty and look for His mercy. And your heart has to be pure, be a proper person. Any ambitious ones became a trouble or a dropout. But if our heart is pure, He will lead us.

Then He reached the high peak—God became man that man may become God.

For us to be the Body of Christ, we have to become Him. You need to be familiar with our history and to absorb some of these elements from our history that we should learn from and we should build on.

God became man that man may become God. What a mercy. Here in the training this is handed to you. But those brothers went through a lot of struggling, a lot of climbing. When Br. Nee was there, the complete vision was already there. Br. Lee brought it to the highest peak. But in terms of scope, it was all there.

So we need to get into this matter—what does it mean by God becoming man and man becoming God? This is a familiar utterance. But in the matter of significance, how much have we been impressed by this to see that God’s eternal economy is not merely to render us some deliverance from sin to make us good, spiritual persons. God’s purpose is to gain this organism which is the Body of Christ. This corporate entity, which is absolutely one with Himself and into who God has deposited, imparted Himself, mingled Himself, become one with Himself so that He can gain an organism in this whole universe. There have been Bible readers in the history of Christianity. They sought different things but fragmented. It is not until now (including Br. Nee and Br. Lee—this period of time) that we have the whole revelation brought together. God’s purpose is not just about our salvation, our victory, our becoming holy, but it is for us to experience these things in order to be produced as this corporate organism, the Body of Christ. And God has to become a man. God created man. After creating so many things, on the lsat day, God came to create man, and in a very particular way (in His own image and according to His own likeness). Only man has this particular feature—man bears God’s image. Why is this so? Because from the very beginning, God’s desire is to be intimate with man, to be one with man…desiring man would receive Him into himself (tree of life). That caused God to become a man 4000 years later. God became a man. His intention was not just to take care of man’s problem so that man may be redeemed. God became a man, needing to pass through the stage of conception, birth, childhood, adolescence….He could have just died for our sins immediately after being born. How could this little womb contain the Almighty God? God limited Himself. It is beyond our thinking. God was limited in this virgin’s womb and stayed for nine months and was delivered. And surely He passed through (all the things you went through as a child). He did not come out to minister until the age of thirty. At the age of thirty (three) He went to  be crucified. Including His death, including His resurrection, this whole section, is a part of God becoming a man. I appreciate the word ‘that.’ God became a man that man may become God. Or you can say, He became man to make man God. It (God becoming a man) shouldn’t be looked at as a separate issue. This has a goal—to make man God; so that man may become God. Man has to become God. In order for man to become God, God has to become man…many brothers were produced. Now the gene of God has been begotten in us. As we would cooperate with Him, this gene will grow…this is the process that we are going through. In the mean time, He is building us together. There is a living…The reality that Jesus had is being reproduced, replicated. It is only by God becoming man and man becoming God, His life and nature being reproduced in us, we live in our human life (but not by our human life), and learn to live by that divine life (within). We may fail. But now this vision controls us. And the outcome is not many spiritual men but a corporate living God-man, the Body of Christ, man yet God, and God yet man, in a corporate way. This is what God is desiring to gain today. I believe when God can gain this, then that will be the preparation of the bride, the coming of the kingdom, that will cause the Lord to come to end this age. It doesn’t mean that we don’t need some foundational things (in the training). This gives you a controlling vision. In order to firm up this vision, you need a lot of work on the foundation. So you need to read the ministry books (CWWL and CWWN). This is the process that was passed through in order to arrive at this high peak.

Intro:
Thus far we have covered that the essence of the Bible is that God became man to make man God. And the issue of this is an organism, an organism that is the union and mingling of God and man, the Body of Christ. Hence, God’s greatest desire today is gain the Body of Christ in reality.

We are now covering this book Practical Points Concerning Blending, composed of messages given by Brother Witness Lee in Anaheim, California on May 27-30, 1994. Actually during this conference Br. Lee unprecedented he asked all the saints attending, even those living in Anaheim to stay in the hotel
	-	The reality of the Body of Christ is a living, not a mere doctrine to be talked about.
From picking up brother Victor Molina, ‘When Br. Lee said the local church is not to goal but a mere procedure, you could here pen drop on the carpet. Whenever we go to a meeting, our view shouldn’t be merely to have a good meeting but the preparation of the bride, the Body of Christ, the New Jerusalem.’

Reading:
	⁃	where is the reality of the Body of Christ?
	⁃	The purpose of the blending is to usher us all into the reality of the Body of Christ.
	⁃	Brother Nee gave message after message from 1939 to 1940, but instead of our seeing the Body of Christ, there arose a great turmoil among us that forced Brother Nee to stop his ministry. By this you can see that to enter into the reality of the Body of Christ is not simple.

3/26/2019
JLee
837

[Sharing]

It is better to say Christ died and resurrected instead of God died and resurrected.

The difference, intrinsically, between the church and the Body of Christ. According to Ephesians 1 they are the same. But practically they are different. How do you do know if you are experiencing the church or experiencing the Body of Christ? What is the difference? How is your living in the local church help you to experience the Body? What does it mean for the local church to be a procedure. Don’t just take for granted what is written on the pages. We say that the local church is the procedure. But what does that mean to us practically? Is it really the procedure for you? In what way? It is important to know what is the local church and what we refer to the Body of Christ. The local church refer to what we can see. How many saints there are, how many are serving, how many children...so forth. That is the church, the church in Los Angeles, standing on the ground of oneness, apart from all the denominational ground...simply standing on the ground of oneness, meeting there as one church in one city. That is still in very much a physical realm. You can go to the saints’ homes. There is nothing wrong with that. This is more or less the realm with which most Christians are familiar with. After He redeemed us, saved us, he did not want us to roam about...So he expects and desire us, after being saved, to meet in a church. We are all, as redeemed people, members of the church. So God does not want us to live just as many saved sinners individually. God intends that as believers, saved ones, we should be in a church, meeting with other believers. How about the Body? Not so visible. The church is something you can touch physically. But the Body of Christ, what is this Body of Christ? Universally there is only one Body of Christ. All the local churches are the practical expression of this spiritual Body of Christ, which is uniquely one. Across the ocean, continents, you have other believers who are genuinely blood washed children of God. They may be far away, very different from you. But as long as they are blood washed, spirit regenerated, they are a part of the Body of Christ. They don’t meet in the same church as you do. But in God’s eyes, there is no difference. They are just as much a son of God as you are. Just as much a member of the Body of Christ as you are...Br. Nee presented the matter of the church...that Christians should not live individually and separately but as the church. He revealed the matters of the ground of oneness, the ground of locality, and in one city there should only be one church. 497—very deep concerning Trinity. But hardly anyone understood. They appreciated many sweet messages Br. Nee gave for them to be comforted, encouraged. There is no doubt that aspect. But in a deeper level of seeing and experiencing Christ as life not many got into it. Br. Nee himself agreed saying that in this matter we are still very short today. The highest point is that we would live Christ, that human beings would live Christ. Then Br. Lee began to speak very much about the Body of Christ. That brought his ministry to another realm, another dimension. Then, seeing many brethren groups and the many divisions that happened among them in spite of their knowledge of the word...he was very disturbed by what he saw...and received a further light concerning God’s purpose, which is not just to have the local churches but to have the Body of Christ, ‘the’ church, the universal church, the Body of Christ. But many could not follow because it was something beyond what they could see. They can see the people in the church...but then who are these Africans, Norwegians, Germans. Who cares? I only see the ones right here in the meeting hall. These are the one whom I can have fellowship with. So there was a lot of frustration. They could not see beyond what was before them. They could not see the Body of Christ. They were just happy about the place they were in. Many of us, because of our self, can’t see what is mystical...unseen. Br. Lee brought us back to God’s eternal economy. This has to be the starting point. Why do we need the blending? We have to go back and begin with God’s eternal economy. If we do not see what God’s eternal economy is, then we would not have any feeling to know that we need blending. We will be satisfied with merely knowing that we are forgiven sinners in a little church we go to. If you touch God’s heart, if you see what God’s eternal economy is, you will realize that the little church life is not sufficient. What God desires to have is His economy...God desires to be united and mingled with man. He brought God into humanity. In order to be united, mingled with man, He became such a man. He was God’s only begotten. Who possessed only divinity. He was the Son of God in the eternity past. But the Son of God had only divinity. But one day because of His desire to be united and mingled with man, He became man. He put on flesh and blood. He lived on the earth for 33 1/2 years. During that time, what was He? Who was this one? This was a study question among theologians through the ages. Who is this Christ? Christology. Who is this man? No doubt, with flesh and blood, born in a carpenter’s home, born of a human virgin. But there is something excellent, super, in this person. That was God. He brought God and man together in Himself. So eternally He was the only begotten. But at that time He put on flesh and blood. The Body that Christ put was not free from suffering. He put on that human flesh. At the end of the journey He was crucified. God died there. This eternal God, the one who was on the cross, was this God who was immortal. He died for us in Christ. The one who was, because He had blood and flesh, not different all the other flesh, God created body, fallen flesh, yet in His flesh He had no sin. But it was still considered the flesh of sin in likeness. And then He in resurrection, this Christ did not just resurrect without a body. He came back to the room at night, to the doubting Thomas. ‘Touch me.’ What is that body? Not the same body as He carried around in 33 1/2 years. A body that could be touched but yet can penetrate walls. That body is the body in resurrection. I read this over 20-30 times. Every time I read it it is still fresh. Don’t be frustrated by the familiarity of the words. You have to be open to the Lord. Page 8—you need to read (this section) carefully. You need to grasp the utterances that Br. Lee had. In resurrection He brought the redeemed man into God. He bought the God created, fallen, then redeemed man into God. The man that He brought into God was this...thus, uplifting the redeemed man. Not just the God created man, not just the fallen man. Now the God created man was being uplifted. He also brought His humanity in resurrection. Now His humanity in resurrection [was bought] into divinity. He brought the resurrected humanity into divinity. Surely the body that He put on as a man on the earth had nothing to do with resurrection, with divinity. But after He was resurrected, that humanity was uplifted. That resurrected humanity was brought into, uplifted into God and was brought into divinity. In this way, the Bible tells us, He was born to be God’s firstborn Son. So He lifted up that humanity and brought that humanity into divinity. And with that humanity brought into divinity He was the firstborn Son, possessing both the divinity and humanity. He was born in His humanity to be God’s firstborn Son. Nearly every word you need to read carefully, prayerfully. Not only so, He caused all His redeemed ones to be resurrected together with Him. He brought all of us together with Him. We were raised together with Him. We were made alive together with Him. That was a wonderful revelation Paul received and was revealed to us. Christ’s death and resurrection was not an individual, personal death and resurrection. It was a corporate death and resurrection. So when Christ resurrected...God put us here to be blended with those around us. If we can’t get along with the saint next to us, forget about being built up with the saints thousand miles away from us.

8/20/2019
RKangas
493
539
There is a need, understandably, for those who just finished the pre-training. Please turn to #1003. By Watchman Nee. It reveals the foundation of our Christian life.

As you know very well, one the classes in the pre-training is on clearing the past, spending time with the Lord, and confessing. When the first term trainees experience this for the first time, it can be a kind of jolt. So…rest. When we believed into the Lord, all of our sins were forgiven. But in 1 John, we have an apostle emphasizing the fellowship of life, the experience of life. And the Lord who has redeemed us and lives in us, who desires this ongoing fellowship in us, and He wants to increase in us by growing in life. So in order to restore fellowship and to develop the fellowship, the God of light will shine on us at any time to just show us a matter we need to acknowledge as being a failure, or sin. The Greek for confessing: homolegao. To speak the same thing. Speaking to David, “You are the man when you committed murder and adultery.” On David’s part, “Yes, I am the man, I did this.” There is no need to search for things. But what we are aware of, that is all you need to do. Then immediately the blood of Jesus cleanses you. Now, if the matter involves something that you need to clear up, then the Lord does not expect you to do it right now…so there will be some guidance in what you should do. And illustration might help. But I may need to give you a physical background. In some parts of the country houses of things underground called basements. In ancient times from 1940s, there used to be persons, before we became gender-sensitive, a milkman. A milkman will deliver milk to your house. Milk-shoes (a box on the wall, a door on the inside and outside). Here is [me], I have been regenerated. But I didn’t know anything about the experience of life at all. And then light began to shine on this and that. And specifically the Lord showed me what I Browns Drug store, bought, “Who…” Donald Duck and this kind of things. There were two books that I wanted equally. I put the second comic book against the first…And paid the dime. Then I walked out, a thief, the comic book thief. The first challenge was getting out of the drug store and the second one was to get it into the house. Aha! I will put it in the milk-shoes…“You bought it with your own money!” “Yes, mother.” Now I am a thief and a liar. So, 17 years later, I am in the sphere of life and light and the Spirit brought that up. In order to clear the way to grow in me. So I just simply confessed and realized that I owed the drugstore 10 cents. But it didn’t exist. So there is a way. Just items like that, every experience was pleasant. It is in the Lord’s presence, His love is there, His light is there, His heart is there…You are just very sensitive and ethical and moral way. And anything you can think of you acknowledge, you confess according to your knowledge. The Lord acknowledges that but it is pointless, it doesn’t accomplish anything because it is not in the realm of life and light. Remember, 1 John 1:7, the blood of Jesus…cleanses us from every sin. Not every sin you remember, you confess…One may have the thought, I want to bring everything in…The Lord is not like that, hiding things from you and at the judgment seat, “Got ya!” That is the devil. Just acknowledge and receive His forgiveness, cleansing, and then rejoice in His forgetfulness. So, dear trainees, may you be at peace. Christ paid the full price. This is now for your fellowship and growth in life.

Now, please turn to the syllabus. In 1996, in October, Br. Lee conducted a training for elders and coworkers. And it that training, he knew [where] he was, at the end of his life, he released this vision of the full ministry of Christ. In the stage of incarnation, when Christ was on the earth, in the stage of inclusion, which refers to the all-inclusive Spirit in resurrection, taking place right now in Christ’s heavenly ministry, and the stage of intensification, when the Lord finds it necessary to intensify the life-giving Spirit to be able to overcome and produce. Br. Lee then, immediately after that training, called all the brothers serving in the training to his house. “We are going to make a change immediately. We will discontinue the class on the all-inclusive Christ. We will replace with a class…the full ministry of Christ. And I want brother Ron and brother Ed to teach this class.” One on incarnation, two on inclusion, last on intensification. You will be able to put the whole thing together when you are done.

So now we are beginning inclusion.
Midterm and final are written, not multiple guess (some people call choice). You are not going to write about your mood. A question might be like this, “What aspect of Christ’s person in resurrection is most precious to you right now?” You reflect upon the aspect that we covered and write a paragraph (150 words or so). Not just how you feel but describing that aspect and interacting with it. And underlying this kind of question that we design is a pedagogical principle that I adhere to and learn from a very distinguished Yale professor. He wrote books on writing, one of them was Writing to Learn. And I found out, just by my own experience, before writing an article on A&C, on deification, there is a lot of [research] going on. But actual writing is a living process. And by writing I get clear about things. The writing itself is intended to be learning experience…That is the thought anyway.

It is a comprehensive view. The Apostles’ Teaching Concerning the Full Ministry of Christ in Three Stages.
III. B.(?) We need to experience and enjoy (to gain Christ) in His full ministry in His three divine and mystical stages. Experience and enjoy Christ, a person, in His full ministry, in these three stages. So this morning, when we sang hymn 1003, we had…experience of Him as the Savior, Redeemer, as one who loved us to the extent that He would bear our sin…on His body…Paul should say, “…loved me and gave Himself up for me.” We know about the redemption, the righteousness of God, we know the facts that Christ died the vicarious death. But that is the basis for us to experiencing, enjoying, and loving Christ who did this and who is this. Or, we may study His shepherding ministry when He was on the earth. He was moved with compassion when He found the people like sheep without shepherd. So He as the good Shepherd laid down His life for His sheep. So there would be one flock and one Shepherd. So the Shepherd Himself became a Lamb…and laid down His life, human life, to release the divine life. That is touching. The apostle John not only recorded these truths. He was constituted with them. 1 John 3:16, when he says, “Herein is love, that He laid down His soul life for us.” We are to lay down our soul life for the brothers. Do you see how real this is to John? And as you grow in the Lord, and as you enter into the intrinsic of the Lord’s ministry at the end of the age, you will begin to appreciate that the third aspect of the new revival is shepherding in mutuality. And there is no shepherding, that in the all-inclusive tender care of the saints without laying down your soul life (e.g. sacrificing your time, so many things)…you don’t do it as a martyr or a hero but as a loving member of the Body.
…
I would just…ask, What is the Lord doing right now? Is He just sitting there watching? He is very active. We know…He lives to intercede for us. Always praying. He is God and man. Hebrews says we do not have a High Priest who cannot be touched with the feeling of our weaknesses. Not only the weaknesses. Don’t you have a feeling about your weaknesses? The weakness itself troubles you. But the feelings we have for it trouble us more. The Lord is touched. Not just aware like a CIA. He is not a spy. He is touched. But not just sentimental, shedding tears. Then He ministers, shepherds, fights. This gives a little taste that this four term class, although it covers range of truths and objective truths are its foundation, our goal is to know and experience Christ in His full ministry. When Br. Lee gave his messages and is in the book that contains the messages, he said this, a very weighty word (spoken to the coworkers and elders, and would expand to all of us), “What the Lord’s recovery will be and how it will be depends on how you handle (or what you do with) the full ministry of Christ.” We do not know. We have no sign when the Lord will come and rapture His bride. I’m not one who tries to study, so-called, and speculate. It can be before mid-century, or at the end…I don’t think the Lord would give anyone 170 years. The recovery must go on with you. What will it be? How will you handle it? Specifically…the totality of His work, resurrection, and how He defeated the enemy, how He shepherded, how He seek the lost sheep. This is going to have a profound effect in your being. You will be a Christ-man, a Christ-woman. But, if you say, “It is high truth, it is not practical.” Then you have the American, or oriental, version of pragmatism…Then gradually the essence is lost. And you have become a part of the degraded Christianity. So this is actually a lifelong matter we get to overview in the training. And then we go on from there.

	I.	The apostles’ teaching being the entire speaking of God in the New Testament:
	A.	
	B.	
	C.	- So the apostles’ teaching is the entire speaking of God. Now we should dwell on this because we don’t want to just have terminology…that we have no idea what it means. The apostles’ teaching is the speaking of God. So, in the gospels, God is speaking in the Son (Heb. 1:1-2). And as the Spirit, He is speaking in the apostles. He is speaking but in the apostles. Finally, in Revelation, Christ is intensified and is speaking through John. So I need to try to explain to you why we accept only the apostles’ teaching. We need to know the difference between receiving all believers and receiving all kinds of ministers and teachings. We can’t do that. So let’s take a little journey. The Lord is on the earth. Especially recorded in John. He says, “My teaching is not Mine but it is Him who set Me. What I hear, I speak. I speak the word that the Father gave Me.” This is the Son of God saying, “This is not My teaching. I didn’t originate this. This is from the Father. But I hear Him speaking, I speak.” Then in John 16, the Lord, anticipating His resurrection and transfiguration into the life-giving Spirit, He said, “The Spirit of reality will come. He will not speak from Himself. But He will speak what He has received from Me.” So now the Spirit, the Triune God applied to us and reaching us is speaking, but He is not saying, “Now it is My turn, I have a clever idea. I have a different feeling from the Son and the Father.” No, He is speaking what the Son spoke and the Son spoke what the Father spoke. 1 Cor. 2. In this chapter, Paul says that only the spirit of man knows the things of God. Only the things of God knows the things of God. And the Spirit has revealed these things to us, which thing we speak, not in words of human wisdom. But in words taught by the Spirit. You see the progress? The Father is the source. The teaching originates with Him. The Son is here, speaking. God is speaking in the Son. The Son is speaking what He received from the Father. Now, the Spirit has come. The Spirit is speaking what He has received from the Son. Now the apostles are here and the apostles are speaking what they received from the Spirit. And their utterances is from the Spirit. Their words, their utterances, it is not human wisdom, not natural eloquence, wittiness, brilliance. The word, the revelation, comes from God, the Spirit, and the words, is from the instant anointing. So we go from the Father, to the Son, to the Spirit, to the apostles. So the apostles’ teaching is the teaching of the Father in the Son and the Son as the Spirit. So…the apostles’ teaching is the entire New Testament. So what the apostles emphasize we emphasize. What they mention and don’t emphasize we also agree and mention but don’t emphasize. Head covering is there. But we are not going to…that is contrary…This is why we follow the apostles’ teaching. And we have confidence in Br. Nee’s teaching and Br. Lee’s teaching because in the best of other understanding, they are faithful to the apostles’ teaching. We don’t isolate these two men and say that we like them and they are this and that. That is drastically wrong. No, they were dealt with by the Lord. Disciplined. Br. Nee with his…photographic memory…sifted everything, measured everything by the Scriptures. And then the Lord raised up Br. Lee to match him. So this is why—and Br. Lee himself took the lead in this direction—every teaching, speaking, must be born of the New Testament. We don’t follow blindly. Br. Nee said strongly himself to me, “Don’t follow me blindly.” But as the time goes by after the ministry was transferred to Br. Lee, and especially after Br. Nee went to be with the Lord, surely the Lord developed the revelation in Br. Lee, not something new but. And who are we to say that this won’t happen in principle until the Lord comes. This is why this expression the apostles’ teaching, is so crucial. Now, if someone teaches differently, consider what is the source of that. Well, the source is the only one other source but two levels. I would just be the human mind, the self. Either, rather a smart person or a very subjective person, someone who has received false light, there is such a thing, mentioned in Isa. 50, people set fires for themselves, they think this is generating a real life, but behind is the enemy…so there is only two sources in the whole universe, there is God the Father, and there is the devil, the enemy, who made himself a wicked father. So…when your mind is very active, set on human view of things and your soul life is very active, then Satan has a way to [represent] his mind in our mind (i.e. Peter). That is all of us. “We do not allow a woman to teach with authority over a man.” No woman would function like this, trying to teach with authority. That is true. But none of us has the right just to innovate something, to teach something. The Lord showed me this, so this was nonnegotiable. What the Lord shows you, let the Body prove…you don’t want that because you are in darkness. The ministry of this age, of Br. Nee and Br. Lee, is an accumulative ministry of all the great teachers have recovered for hundreds of years. We absorb all. We are indebted to them. So apparently we are getting the speaking of only this man and that man. Well, Luther is there, to the extent he should be, Darby is there…Whatever is recovered, we are heirs to it…And changing the image to the twelve foundations of the New Jerusalem, they are layer upon layer. So eventually, when the Lord needed to make a turn to the recovered church, He knew He could not get through in America (the religious system would not allow), not in Europe…He went to China. Because I am not Chinese, I have a standing to make this stark statement. One reason why a good number of American theologians are not open to receive Br. Lee’s ministry is that he is a Chinese. If there has been an elite, intellectual caucasian, there wouldn’t have been a problem, in the Body it shouldn't matter through whom the Lord is speaking. They say, “Oh, he is from China, oriental mysticism.” How about occidental mysticism? Why don’t you study it…and how degraded it is. I hate that. I hate bias like this. God hates it. He is no respecter of persons. So you can understand why brothers like Brothers Ed and me are with you. We have a full confidence that what we are presenting to you is from the ministry. But what we say, everything, has to be tested by the [word], which is the apostles’ teaching. Now we come to the essence, the content of it.
	II.	- You can’t be ‘very’ unique. You can’t have a modifier to it. Unique means the only thing, the only one.
	A.	
	1.	- So you have a human being who is both human and divine. And at the same time He is both infinite and finite. Well, one of our opposers whose opposing over, he is with the Lord now, so he will find out eventually that he was missing the mark, he said, “This is not the way you are supposed to say about incarnation,” because he was according to the traditional way. “Oh, we don’t say this.” This shows our mind is governed more by the tradition than the work…Br. Lee was very precise in words he used to convey the truth. So this is just a staggering and amazing truth. The infinite God is in a finite man. God is…attributes…omniscient, omnipotent…and John gives a peek into this in John 3:13. What is that? No one has ascended into heaven, only who came (incarnation). The Son of Man (not ‘who is here’) who is in heaven. We cannot fully fathom this. But our mind, our intellect should be fully engaged with things like this. We shouldn't be intellectually passive. We should activate, whatever the capacity is, to read and consider this. And so, when you come back and get first term at the end, there will be a lesson with two columns. But here He is. In this finite man…He comes to you in a very humbled way…poor. But when He spoke, people said, no one ever spoke like this. He spoke with authority.
	2.	- Again…keen in our mind. Union is a matter of life. The human life becoming one with the divine life. Mingling is a matter of nature. The divine nature mingled with the human nature, and the human nature mingled with the divine nature. And just a little parenthetical statement to allude to the class in high peak of the revelation, something paradoxical, the more divine you become, the more human you will become. You don’t become a third thing kind of floating around. It is just, you become a God-man, and divinity and expressed through the humanity. So there is mingling. Incorporation is matter of persons coinhering, dwelling in one another. So in the stage of incarnation, the Lord brought the Triune God into the tripartite man in a way of uniting, mingling, and incorporating. This is a historical fact in Christ. Now, experientially, this is our whole Christian future, every day, even today, I believe the Lord is praying, ministering…“I want to become more one with You…will you let Me.” This is why maybe 22-23 years ago a sister had a strong leading to go to a medical school. She asked why she wasn’t like a butterfly flying around. She wanted to know what was the Lord’s will. And the Lord didn’t show her. And she’s 48 hours and the decision is final (between two schools). And this is what I told her. “You know what, I don’t think the Lord is going to show you anything. I think He wants you simply to make a decision because,” and I could say this to this sister, not just anybody, “you are one with Him and He is one with you. So don’t be afraid to make that decision…” Eventually she had no choice. As she was walking away, inwardly I am saying to the Lord, “She is going to New York.” She went there. A brother from Northwest…they met, courted, married, have a family. The Lord wants to incorporate Himself with you.
	3.	- Aromatic, not smelly, virtues. It is just a pleasant fragrance. So when the Lord was compassionate to raise the boy from bier…is that compassion human or divine? It is the compassion of God expressed through human virtues. You not only have love but intimate concern…Especially in this kind of society…what an expression this is.
	4.	- Judicial is foundation for organic. So the hymn that we sang is a part of it. God’s righteous requirement has been absolutely fulfilled. The Lord died an all-inclusive death.
	B.	- There is a kind of literary flavor here. But we use the word ‘inclusion’ to refer to the Spirit of God through Christ’s resurrection becoming the inclusive Spirit in the sense that the Spirit has become the Spirit of Jesus, the Spirit of Jesus Christ, the Spirit, now including His humanity, human living, human suffering, the complete effectiveness of His death, the life and power of His resurrection, the authority of His ascension, His enthronement. Now He is in resurrection, ministering to us in His heavenly ministry. But what He is doing there reaches to us as the all-inclusive Spirit. So that is why we use the word inclusion.
	1.	- Acts 13:33; Romans 1:3-4. When His humanity was sonized, He was deified. He alone has the Godhead, we will never be there. But in resurrection…the firstborn…
	2.	- If you read the New Testament without bias, you don’t have the symmetric theology of the Trinity…One brother who went to a theological school—Melody Land, now a part of extended Disney Land, asked, Do you believe in the bodily resurrection of Jesus Christ or in the life-giving Spirit? I said, Yes. Brothers need data…I only know that He ate broiled fish. So He has the body of flesh and bones. But right now, as we are altogether, you have the sense that Christ is in you. But do you ever have a feeling that flesh and bone is moving inside of you? You try to believe the whole thing without systemizing it. They say, You believe in contradiction. We do not believe in contradiction. We are not dummies. We just believe everything that the Bible says and you don’t. Sometimes you just gotta get a punch in. But you have to be trained in a certain finés
	3.	
	a)	- Don’t just focus on seven eyes looking at you and burning…Okay, it is the intensification of everything in the all-inclusive Spirit, which is the Spirit of life. So sevenfold life. Not bad. Sevenfold resurrection. So when a situation requires an intensification of Christ in the stage of inclusion, this is the result—a lot can happen in someone’s life in a short time. Sometimes in a day, a month, a year. A lot can happen. In our time frame we consider this is what the schedule is going to be. But it may be somewhat reasonable. But when the Lord intensifies, He really moves. He is never hasty. But that river may move at a quite a pace.
	b)	- A bit of wonderful time in Austin. As my wife’s word, “We are in sauna.” 102 degrees. We had a wonderful time. Christ is producing the overcomers…Even the hymn says “Will you be an overcome, will you make the choice?” You say, “Yes, I choose…Lord, produce me.” The Lord would like to impart enough faith in you that you would believe that He is able and willing…We all have the element of pride, rebellion. We are all the same. Christ came into the world to save sinners. That is all there is. There is just us. Please be willing to believe that the Lord is able to produce you as an overcomer. “Lord, please make me an overcomer.”
	c)	- Rev. 3:7(?) reveals that the believers in Philadelphia become the New Jerusalem in this age. So during the millennial kingdom they will be the New Jerusalem. Then the rest believers will become the New Jerusalem in constitution…[then in eternity all will be the New Jerusalem, the wife]…I choose option one as the only one. The Lord says, “I am very good at this.” God is very, very good at what He does.
	III.	In order to be a co-worker of God (2 Cor. 6:1), there are two precious points we must care for:
	A.	We need to know Christ- a person. So this class is focused on knowing a person:
	1.	
	2.	
	3.	
	4.	- In our part, to correspond to His stages…we are being said in His organic salvation much more in His life.
	B.	- Our alpha and omega [point].
Let’s spend the rest of this term, training, our life, next age, and eternity, experiencing and enjoying the wonderful, all-inclusive Christ. We are going to live with Him happily, joyfully, forever and ever. Amen. Welcome to the full ministry of Christ.


Prophecy:
“What the Lord’s recovery will be (in its nature) and how it will be (in its operation, function) depends on how we handle the full ministry of Christ in three stages.”

The person of Christ, who is the embodiment of the highest peak of the divine revelation, and the centrality and the universality of God’s economy, His person is the mingling of God with man.

And the work of Christ, through which we can know, receive, and experience this most wonderful person.

Only the proper handling of … preserve the essence of the Lord’s recovery.

Our goal is not only to learn these points of the full ministry of Christ, but to firstly know Christ in His full ministry.


RGood
242
Where are we and where is Christ? We are in the stage of inclusion…If we don’t have a proper appreciation of the stage of Christ in incarnation, we may be bankrupt. The enemy may have us for breakfast. It is our foundation. We need to have a proper appreciation of the stage of incarnation.

[Sharing]

“The full ministry of Christ…” song. Singing is a good way to get the word into you. It might help to put together different parts of this class…This outline reoccurs throughout this class so that you get reminded what the significance and the importance of Christ in His three stages…

Lesson Two
	I.	- So, we need to know this age. What is this age? Someone said the age of grace. What is the world? It is basically Satan’s systematizing. He systemizes everything that God created freely for our enjoyment. Actually Satan has a box for each one of us…this is part of his plan to systemize everything. God created us in His image. He wants to provide for us necessary things for us like food, clothing, housing. But Satan has put a price on everything. So our thought is, “Okay, if I want [this and that], I need to get money…” Is that God the Creator’s thought? What is His thought? Everything comes from Him. We have a heavenly Father. The ultimate source is God as the Father. The Satan is a liar. He is a thief and a liar, telling us that there is no heavenly Father and that you need to toil and labor. And the world is divided into various ages. There was an age called the Victorian age. Steam engine was a part of that age. And now we are in a different age, in the age of automobile. There are things part of dividing…But what we are talking about is none of the above.
	A.	- In Galatians Paul talked about the will of God to rescue us out of the present evil age. Was Paul talking about Roman roads and laws…? No, he was talking about…Judaism. It was an evil age that was distracting, taking the believers away from Christ…back to the law. There is an evil religious age today. Christianity has been on this earth for two thousand years…and we need to be rescued from the age of today’s Christianity particularly in the sense that it is a frustration to God, to God’s economy, and distraction to the believers from what God is after…So today’s Christianity is against the full revelation of the Scriptures and the divine truths, and the genuine and proper theology. Br. Lee said, “How we handle the truth determines what the Lord’s recovery will be.” We are not the Lord’s recovery denomination. What is the Lord’s recovery? The Lord’s recovery can be summarized in this sentence: God becoming the flesh, the flesh becoming the life-giving Spirit, and the life-giving Spirit becoming the sevenfold intensified Spirit, to build up the Body of Christ and consummate the New Jerusalem…There was a castle where they threw these presbytery covenanters who refused to acknowledge that the king was the head of the church. So they were thrown into this nasty dungeon to stay for like 40 days. They stood for the truth. That was a part of the Lord’s recovery. Presbyterian comes from the word….elders. they realized it wasn’t pope and archbishops and whatever. They stood for the truth. That was a part of the Lord’s recovery in that stage. But what happened? They got stuck. So the Lord had to go to another group and another group. If we don’t take this teaching seriously, what is going to happen? The Lord will come back but He will have to go to another group of people. If my generation fail, then the baton goes to you. You can Christianity basically appreciates the stage of incarnation and also recognize that the Lord is coming back. #987. The chorus. I’ve used this in Greek class, it’s got circumstantial participle. Chorus. Do you like it? It is nice. But there is a big lacking. It is a reflection of this age. What is their consideration? I’ve got my ticket to heaven. What do I need to do? Most people in Christianity say, “Well, I need to preach the gospel…rescue the perishing.” They really don’t know where is the Lord today? Where is He today? What is Jesus doing today? They say “what would Jesus do?” Br. Nee presents…in Two Principles of Conduct. Where is Jesus right now? If you asked someone in Christianity, where is Jesus, [they would say], He is in the heaven at the right hand of the Father. What is He doing there? Some may say He is interceding, praying for us. But what about us? What is going on with us on earth? Is Jesus looking down…just…? Where is Jesus to us? In our spirit! We have Christ in us, the hope of glory.He is a man. But He is a pneumatic Christ. He is a divine-human person in you. And He is the same person in you as the one in the third heaven, at the right hand of the Father, exactly the same person. Actually we have to understand the Triune God to get this right. How can this be? The same person is not only in you, but [you, you, you, and you…]. How can this be? We have, Br. Lee came up with this term (I believe), the pneumatic Christ. What does that mean? Christ as the Spirit…What is the problem with the word ‘persons?’ The word ‘person’ has a baggage. We want the baggage of ‘personality.’ Basically, the three are distinct but not separate. As a God-created human being, He was a person. How did He conduct Himself? He had a human person personality. He could say He (the whole Triune God as the Father embodied in this one) lived in a particular way. He denied His human person, personality…to live by another life, the divine life, the person of the Triune God, the Father…we have personalities that God created us with. How then should we live? We need to live by another life. We need to take this person who lived this kind of life who is now living in us and take Him as our person. If we will live not by ourselves but by this God-man, pneumatic Christ in our spirit…we lose our soul life and live and incorporate this person…what is the issue of that? The one new man. In the one new man…one person. What is the person of the one new man? The pneumatic Christ. If we all take this one as our person, no problems. You sisters will no longer fight. Isn’t that wonderful? You brothers will be in just one accord, harmony.- We need to know this age and know that in this age the Lord is the Spirit, we have the pneumatic Christ, in our spirit, to bring forth the Body of Christ as the one new man, to express this one. How does He do it? We need to realize that actually the lung in Christianity is short of this. And actually even opposes this…
	B.	- Paul completing the word of God. The enemy is veiling…stopping us from seeing and experiencing this. We need to see so that we can experience. Whatever we don’t see, we won’t experience.- God started off as a Bachelor. You brothers are bachelors. God started off like you. And then 4000 years or so later, as far as the creation of man is concerned, He became an incarnate God. Then He became a redeeming God. Then He becomes the dwelling God. He becomes the compound God (the stage of inclusion). He gets married there. He has to intensify His organic salvation. The New Testament was written in what stage? In the stage of intensification. It was written because of the degradation. Then He became the incorporated God. Then eventually you have the corporate God.
	1.	- KJV John 7:39. The Holy Spirit was there. Why was the word ‘given’ supplied? The Greek text doesn’t have the word ‘given.’ The Spirit was not yet. The Holy Spirit has already come. But what do we understand as the Spirit the consummated Spirit. It is interesting…some [translations] really mess it up here. When was Jesus glorified? In His resurrection and ascension. He was glorified, He entered into glory, He got unzipped. His humanity was uplifted into divinity.
	2.	- He is the life-giving Spirit to what? To give life. He wants to give Himself as life to us.
	3.	- We all need to die. But don’t die in Adam. Die in Christ. Where is the death that we needs to die? In the pneumatic Christ as the Spirit. So sweet to die with Christ.
	4.	
	5.	
	C.	- Br. Lee was opposed by someone in the “church life” for this point of Christ being the life-giving Spirit. We say amen to the word. Eventually we realize that this is going to help us in our experience…
	II.	
	A.	
	B.	
	C.	
	1.	
	2.	
	a)	
	3.	
12/3/2019
RGood
505
The Lord is desiring for overcomers. The overcomers are those who live in the divine and mystical realm. But when you look at the book of Revelation, you see…what is the most common verb that is used related to the overcomers? Repent. What does that mean? You made a mistake. You messed up…These experiences of failures can sharpen(?) us more than our failures…The failures shape[n] us. Or, you remember, “Last time I was here, it wasn’t very pleasant, I must turn more quickly.”

I was kind of in the conference messages and the last message of the Numbers training, considering where are we…You look at the world situation and realize it is getting pretty crazy (even last 10 years). Anyway, the Lord needs to raise up overcomers…not going along the tide of the age…In one sense, in the Lord’s recovery, we have different generations. The generation of Watchman Nee and Witness Lee. “Pioneers.” They brought us the Lord’s recovery. You can say that the next generation were the ones that began the Lord’s recovery in the United States (e.g. Ron Kangas…). They picked up from Brother Nee and Lee, and received recovery in that age. Another stage is at the beginning of the training in Taiwan. I was there. A number of your parents were there. The baton was being passed on. The ones in the beginning of the Lord’s recovery in the United States passed on. Br. Lee was turning. The God-ordained way…Then we come to the next generation, my kid’s generation. Millennials…Anyways, when is the Lord coming back? We shouldn’t try to pin it down. But we can have some kind of idea. Of course the [world] events can help…So, the Lord’s coming back might be 2030-2037. You have to be careful. It may be another 10 years or so…that may be the time of the Lord’s coming back. That means, who is going to carry…run the race? There it is! There is the finish line! Expecting and hastening the coming of our Lord…[How?] The one new man.

What do we need to be part of the one new man? We need another person. It is a personal matter but not an individualistic matter. Who is speaking on the podium? Who is listening in the seats? Whatever we are doing. You can say this is the divine and mystical realm. Actually the Lord Jesus Himself was the first one to enter into this realm.

There are these controversies in the church history about the Lord’s person. Monophysite (one nature). Of course He had two natures. Monopholites (one will). Is that true? Matthew. “Take this cup away from Me but not My will but Your will, Father, be done.” Here you have the God-man Jesus. So He is the complete God and the perfect man. The complete God, what does that mean? The full Triune God—the Father, the Son, and the Spirit. How many persons are there in the Triune God? Casually you can say that there are three persons. But it may convey “personalities.” The Triune God is a person. How about the Lord Jesus? Does He have a person? A distinct person from the Triune God? As a man, if He is a proper man, He’s got a person. What was His exercise? He had a human person. How did that human person relate to the divine person? He denied His human person to take the Father as His person. So He went through this process. I was struck…in the ITERO, one of the brothers were sharing and said, “If the Lord’s economy was just about redemption, He could show up as 33 1/2 year old and say, “crucify Me.” But He lived…What was He doing? That process was more significant to God’s economy than His death on the cross. The details were not even recorded in the Bible. But what was going on? Here was a man denying His human person and incorporating the Father, taking the Father as His person. So this is the person of the one new man. So the person of the one new man is a little complicated right? You have a human person living by another person. Then what happens? We get regenerated. We get this one come into us. He can reproduce this life in us. This is the human person incorporated into the divine person. The human person and the divine person become one person. That is the person of the one new man that we have received. Now we have proper human beings with our own personalities, we take this one as our person. And then there you have the reality of the one new man…

If you take Him as your person, you may doing…something very mundane. “Something going on…I can’t quite put my finger on it. But there is something that is divine. It is not in the physical realm. And it is mysterious. I can’t explain it.” Sisters. There is a pneumatic mom. She’s got a baby. And she is changing diapers. She doesn’t change diapers the same way others change diapers…Three brothers came to my high school (construction brothers), and were building this electric theater(?). there was this boy notorious for being naughty. He took a hammer and ran. The brother caught him. I was observing what would happen. I thought he was going to curse him and…But I was just impressed. He was so gentle and…I observed, being an unbeliever, something in the divine and mystical realm. These brothers prayed for this high school. Five of us from the school came into the church. The brothers had to travel a long way…They must have been praying, “Lord, gain some people.” And I happened to be one of them. It is a divine and mystical realm of the consummated Spirit and of the pneumatic Christ. And we need to see these two points. They are not the same.

What’s the difference? What are we emphasizing when we talk about the consummated Spirit. The Spirit was consummated. How was the Spirit consummated? The Spirit is eternal. Divinity, humanity, incarnation, human living, death, resurrection, ascension…All of these are consummated in the Spirit. Why do we need this? Why does the Spirit need to be consummated?…Split personalities. There are conflicts coming up. A part of the problem is that we don’t talk to the Lord. For one person to live by another person, to deny one person to incorporate the other person, we can’t do it with the ingredients the consummated Spirit. The more yo try to deny yourself in your self, the stronger the self becomes. The more you try, the worse you become. You try to be patient with somebody and it might work for half an hour…but you just lose it. We need the elements that are here in the consummated Spirit. We need the element of termination to terminate the old person…How can you terminate your self? You can end your life but that doesn’t do anything. There is only one kind of death [will do it]—the death on the cross. You cannot crucify yourself…Then there is resurrection. God-created faculties get resurrected. There is also ascension. When we are in the physical realm, it’s easy to get stuck on the physical things, dragged into the physical realm. So we need ascension. We need to get in a plane sometime. Wow, my problems…they so small. So we need to have the consummated Spirit with all of these ingredients to help us and shepherd us…By about the divine and mystical realm of the pneumatic Christ? Why do we need more than just the consummated Spirit? What is the focus? The person. Christ is the person of the one new man. Where is Christ today? On one hand He’s got a physical, spiritual body. And He is going to come with the physical Body. But on the other hand we have the pneumatic Christ; Christ as the Spirit is in which one of us.

	I.	
	A.	
	B.	
	II.	- A man in the image of God. God has a problem. He is invisible. Adam failed. So the Lord Jesus came…becoming the life-giving Spirit to be the fulfillment and reality of this one corporate man that God desire. So He was formed the divine and mystical realm. But for the propagation of this realm, you need the consummated Spirit and the pneumatic Christ.- The Holy Spirit; the Spirit the Holy, the Spirit that was not yet, the life-giving Spirit—the consummated Spirit. Then you also have the pneumatic Christ. He was designated by the Spirit of holiness. The Spirit within Him, the Spirit of the Triune God within Him was operating within this man Jesus to bring Him all the way through death and resurrection. He was like the grain of wheat….dying shell, the life within was growing. “You are My Son, this day—the day of resurrection, I have begotten you.” He was begotten in His humanity to be the firstborn Son of God, indicating many to come. The Spirit of reality makes all things real…
	A.	
	B.	- Basically, the life that He lived on the earth…
	III.	…
	IV.	
	A.	
	B.	- The process going on. The Father is the source. Gives to the Son. The Spirit is the realization.
	C.	- The church in its outward sense is the gathering together of the called out ones. But place says, “The church, which is such that that is His Body.” We are also in the divine and mystical realm and we have…[the breath].
	V.	
	A.	
	B.	- On the one hand the Lord wants us to glorify the Father. On the other hand the believers should be one. We’ve got lots of different people from different backgrounds. If we are not in the divine and mystical realm, we are probably going to have problems. In the divine and mystical realm, there is oneness. We all realize, “Okay, we all have different personalities, backgrounds, cultures, but if we would take Christ as the person of the one new man, no problem.”
	VI.	- [He is praying]. “Oh, the trainees, take Me as your person…”
	VII.	- Of course we realize we are all work in progress. So we need God’s organic salvation. So anyway, we need God’s organic salvation. And how can this be carried out?

12/3/2019
Reading:
11/26/2019
RKangas
1083
What is the divine and mystical realm? Question 2: How do we enter into the divine and mystical realm? Question 3: Doesn’t it seem so impractical? What is the point of considering something divine and mystical when we have to live our actual human life? This is the response that maybe less than fully open saints have or who are thoughtful. What is the meaning behind the words “divine and mystical realm?” 15th century, when the people came from exploring, talking about a whole different realm…We need to expand our understanding and how do we enter into it. Once we enter into it, what do we do? What happens? And of course—isn’t this just an abstract, theological, doctrinal talk? When Br. Lee brought forth that general subject, divine and mystical realm, even some very experienced elders and coworkers asked him, “Where did this come from?” Instead of, “This is wonderful, something brand new to me, and it is coming from our brother.” So let’s take about 20 minutes now…

Sharings:
Who we are depends on where we are.

Now we enter into the divine and mystical realm by being in the spirit with this twofold realization. In Hebrews 10:19, we are told, come forward into the Holy of Holies through the blood of Jesus. So we need the Lord to increase our faith in His blood. The blood shed on the cross was brought into the heavenly Holy of Holies as is typified by the sin-offering brought into the Holy of Holies. And that redemptive blood fully satisfies the requirements of God’s righteousness, holiness, and glory, because glory in many ways is the highest evaluating standard. Anything that does not express God is considered sin—Rom. 3:23. Hamartana—to fall short. The blood fully satisfy the requirements of God’s attributes, silences our accuser, washes away our whole history. So this is the basis. And then we have the realization increasing in us that when we enter our mingled spirit, we are not merely in an organ. We are in a sphere, in a realm, by being in that. So this is the basis for entering the divine and mystical realm—by being in our spirit based upon the redeeming blood, with an inward realization that we are not just in our spirit; we are coming to God, entering the Holy of Holies.

Now a brief word on living in the divine and mystical realm. There is a verse in Hebrews 4 that is a key. And I have no doubt that you will readily grasp this and understand this but you will not be able to do it. That doesn’t mean there is something wrong. It is just that there is a prerequisite. You are not quite at the stage of prerequisite. But if you know this ahead of time and fosters a prayer in you, you will advance much more quickly. The verse concerns the word which is sharper than any two edged sword, dividing the soul from the spirit. I pause here. So, in the context in which Paul is speaking about coming forward with boldness to the throne of grace, he goes on to speak about an experience that we need—that the living word of God…is sharper than any two-edged sword…so sharp that it divides the soul and the spirit…When the soul and spirit are divided and the spirit is no longer confined within the soul, then both our spirit and the faculties of our soul can function simultaneously. Let’s say you are teaching a junior high school. You have many things to say to them because they are interesting and challenging. So all the faculties of your soul has to be engaged…But, because your spirit has been separated from your soul, the spirit is unhindered, simultaneously…in divine and mystical realm, the two realms are going on at the same time. You are not divided. You are not schizophrenic…If you are a three concentric spheres. Within the body is the soul, and within the soul is the spirit, in the depth of our being. Because our spirit is confined within our soul, whenever we must exercise the faculties of our soul, our spirit is carried along. You are making decisions…and you are conscious of what is going on…Now it is lunch break, you realize, “I didn’t think of God for hours.” Now, you can use your spirit with your soul to read the New Testament, ministry material…then you go back to work. And this is the same thing. There is nothing you can do about it except this: while the Lord is preparing you for the experiences that I will tell you about, “Lord, be the person living in me.” But, when the soul and the spirit are divided by the word operating in a certain circumstances, what there is the breaking of the shell of the outer man. That’s why Br. Nee has the book, The Breaking of the Outer man for the Release of the Spirit. This is not an elementary experience. As long as you are seeking…you will have the experience that you need. Don’t work at trying to be in both realms at once…You will be depleted…But this will happen. And it is a decisive experience. It is the separating of the soul and spirit at a deeper level. The Lord will happen when it will take place, how it will happen. When it happens, you will know that it is happening. When Jacob was wrestling…that was the breaking. That opened his whole being for the transformation. I am thinking of Br. Nee who pioneered this way for us…in his ministry…So, now he is back in mainland China. He is arrested. Accused of all kinds of ridiculous things. Then he is confined in a prison camp for the rest of his life. His body is always suffering. The environment is deplorable. The soul is suffering there. But why could he say at the end to a note or a letter that he was able to give covertly to a family member, “I’ve maintained my joy?” It is because the whole time he was in that labor camp, prison camp, he was there physically, his soul was suffering there—when he heard his wife died, his heart was broken, of course…—and all that is taking place in his psychological realm, physical realm, but at the same time, he is in constant communion, fellowship, receiving dispensing, transmission all the time because his…receiver is open all the time. It is a normal experience. There aren’t any heroes. They are all just members of the Body. We are all just brothers and sisters. But because your sharing, which was excellent, truly encouraging and supplying; because what emerged, as one brother shared, is a desperation…I want it to be part of my days.

Then I will give you this preview. You may want to pray. You may read The Breaking…but don’t focus on it, don’t get obsessed over it…It is a testimony of actually being here. I still consider myself still learning this, not where Br. Nee was, Br. Lee was…But I can testify, I’ve been in all manner of difficult, painful, inscrutable situations, and this is real. If I am in an operating room, they are fixing up…putting in the IV…here I am. My body is there, my mind is clear, but my spirit is in contact with the divine and mystical realm. This is real. And this will become your experiential reality 20 to 30 years earlier than it did for me. Okay?

Three quotations:
The Life-study of Exodus, page 1519. “Never underestimate the value of seeing a proper view of a certain matter. The view changes us. It affects our entire being.” So what we are hoping for in these series of lessons, is to see a view. And your speaking this morning indicates clearly to me that you are seeing a view. And the view changes us. It affects our entire being.

And then two quotations from the Divine And Mystical Realm as an emphasis. Page 24, “All the saints in the Lord’s recovery need to have a clear view concerning the physical realm and the mystical realm.” All the saints. This is not an elitist teaching. This is for all the saints. When Br. Lee released the truth concerning the high peak of the divine revelation, and the spiritual war broke out, and then the opposers came out with the title, The worse blasphemy…Some of us were sent to Philippines. I was with the brothers whose education stopped at (3rd grade) because of necessity…Some said, you can’t teach them these…you have to water down. I fully rejected that opinion. It just despises ordinary human beings. Okay, their formal education stopped. They have a mind. They have a heart. They have a spirit. They were just as able to grasp the high peak of the divine revelation as well as those with PhD. Sometimes more…

“You need to enter into a sphere, a realm, a kingdom, which is much higher than where you are right now.” This is where you are now. You need to enter into the realm. “If you brothers don’t—this is the implication—how would saints advance?” “This higher realm is the realm of Christ’s heavenly ministry.”

Appreciating and Entering the Divine and Mystical Realm
This word “appreciating” is [important]. I’ve been in situations and a revelation of some of the higher truths presented, I believe clearly, I can tell, by the response of some of the leading ones, they regard this as impractical, they have a pragmatic mind…Tell something practical how to do it. This brother’s mind itself is blinding him…You just dismiss it. No appreciation. And this is an elder in the church. How is he going to guide his fellow sheep? That’s why we have fellowship, because we are fellow sheep. So the first section we have the contrast. But they are not opposing. It is just for comparison.

	I.	If we would appreciate the divine and mystical realm, we need to be impressed with a deep contrast:
	A.	
	B.	
	C.	
	D.	- Not an opposition but contrast. But the one I just mentioned doesn’t appreciate…So he confines himself and others only to the basic truth concerning the redemption and somehow we will be in the New Jerusalem. So we don’t talk about the heaven and the New Jerusalem. So no appreciation. An appreciation is not something you can fake. It is either there or not. But we don’t have to conjure it up. It is the increasing view that will instill more and more. Then we begin to appreciate it and touch it. “Wow, I can somehow be released.” [If] a Christians in of of the prison camps in North Korea wanted to be released and [flew in] directly into the United States, they will appreciate another realm.
	II.	- Again, the condition, will we appreciate? So the procedure is judicial and is in the physical realm. So, so many of our fellow believers, they are truly saved. But the gospel they heard is that God became a man, lived a sinless life, and died on the cross for your sins, shedding His blood, then He was resurrected. Now, if you believe in Him and receive Him, your sins will be forgiven, and you will have an eternal life. And the eternal life is understood as heaven. That is it. That is supposedly the gospel. You go in to any number of certain churches faithful to the gospel they know, every Lord’s day evening, there will be the same message over and over. That is why the seeking ones can’t eventually bear it any more. Another altar call. This shows the limitation on just having a physical view. Even a physical view of heaven. I worked on something just yesterday and hope that on December 11, that view will be demolished. The Father’s house is not heaven. It is where we are right now.
	A.	
	B.	- He saved us for a purpose. And this is what we owe our fellow believers if they are willing to receive some fellowship. Why did Christ die for us? What was the purpose for which we were created?
	III.	- For truth, we have to make a distinction.- We cannot and do not walk into the Godhead and participate. We are able to enter into the realm of the Triune God in Christ processed and consummated to be the all-inclusive Spirit. So this is also a realm. It is the Triune God but in His economy. Not in His transcendent Godhead. We enter into the kingdom of God because we are born here. We are in this realm. The Triune God is as the all-inclusive life-giving Spirit. But there is a borderline…
	A.	- God Himself is. Surely divine. And mystical, beyond our senses and ability of our mind to grasp.
	1.	- All three are God. All three are eternal. All three exist at the same time. They coexist. All three dwell in one another. They coinhere.
	2.	
	B.	- This is the contrast.- Paul says in 1 Timothy, God dwells in unapproachable light. Just that definition rules out approaching, let alone entering. We can’t even approach it. God is embodied…the God-man. In resurrection becomes the Spirit. Now the Spirit is a realm. Now we can all enter here…Just stay here. The vine knows what the branches need. While you are one with Him He will just care for you…He will supply you. He knows you are in the situation. He will just minister to you. It is just spontaneous.
	IV.	- So the Lord prayed for this and this is where the reality of the oneness is. This is the reality of oneness. Here, every divisive factor is gone, everything that divides human beings is gone. We are just in oneness in the divine glory.
	V.	- This is what is taking place…We need to be in the mingled spirit. So you will have experiences like this. You are just doing something practical. But you happen to be in the mingled spirit while you are doing it. And then spontaneously a name comes up. You just have a sense that you can pray for this person. And the Spirit just gives you some utterance. Then maybe sometime later, you learn that that exact moment that sister or brother was in a critical situation…He can transmit whatever He wants…Sometimes He will just wake you up for no reason. It is 2:30. Not because you are a night person…
	VI.	- Romans 5:10. The experience is in the divine and mystical realm. So we need to be in this realm to be sanctified, to be renewed, to be transformed. All the others.
	VII.	- And the entrance is Christ Himself having passed through crucifixion and resurrection. It is very costly. It is the procedure but it is very costly. In the typology of the tabernacle and all the equipment, you have the altar of burnt offering. And then the middle, not at the top, but the middle…this signifies the inward suffering of Christ while He was on the cross. In the depths of His being, because the fire of God’s judgment was burning there. Only the Father knows. Only the Father can fully appreciate the price He paid and the Father paid…John 14. He is the way. The Father wanted us to be in Him in His Son. So the Son is the way. And now He is the entrance. That’s why I emphasized. We need the Lord to increase our faith in the blood so that we believe more in the blood than our failure. The blood of Jesus God’s Son is cleaning us from every sin. I believe that…Every sin that the Lord is aware of, He is cleansing. When you are aware of something, you confess it. Then you will be cleansed. As the cleansing is going on, don’t stop at the Holy Place. Tell the enemy to shut up. Christ is the entrance! Christ is the way. I am not going to stay here and feel sorry for myself. And now I am coming in.
	VIII.- When you are born you see. And by seeing you enter.
	A.	- Last week you were entering into the divine and mystical realm because as you were reading you were seeing. You got a peek.
	B.	- Vision is seeing an extraordinary scene…Niagara Fall from Canadian side…If you see a little lizard on the rock, you don’t say, “I had a vision of the lizard.” A vision is seeing a marvelous, spectacular scenery. Three [components]: Revelation—the lifting of the veil from the eyes of our heart. Then light. Then sight. Don’t bypass the stage of seeing. The experience is based on seeing.
	IX.	- How did you become a part of the human realm? You were born into it. What you are born into, you are a part of. So we need to see, in our spirit, our spirit gives us the sense of longing. One of the first of the two verses the Lord opened to me in the Fall of 1966, when I touched the Lord’s recovery and decided to follow this place, “I go to prepare a place for you.” I am just wandering. But when I touched this realm, I realized, I am home. Matt. 13. The merchant seeking the pearls…I realized the pearl is the church. I will sell everything…We belong to this realm. When we are in our mind and flesh, we have the sense of being lost, wandering. And when you come back to your spirit, you come back home.
	A.	
	1.	
	2.	
	B.	- Then we advance to what we participate in. These points, one message per point. A semi annual…on the divine and mystical realm. Bring the whole recovery into it. I am looking at the future. We have a bright future.
	1.	- In enters into me.
	2.	
	3.	
	4.	
	5.	
	6.	
	7.	
	8.	
	9.	
	10.	- When you go, those that go to campuses…On one level, you are the same species as they are because you are all born of the human source. On the other hand, you have to realize, you are different species. They are human species. You are God-man species. You don’t put a sign on your chest. But regeneration is a tremendous reality. You are born of God!
	C.	- It is really good the outline ends at this point because ultimately this is a body matter. It is personal but it is not individualistic. I wanted, the year between 1969 and 1970 (?), to ask Br. Lee a question. The question I surely thought I will get a clear answer. “Br. Lee, what does it really mean to experience the breaking of the outer man?” I thought surely he will just explain to me. Instead he spoke one sentence, which is inscribed on my being…“Spirituality is a Body matter.” He realized this young brother, just 30 years old…and he could read me thoroughly. And he wouldn’t feed into individualists spirituality. So for the next thirty years, in varying degrees, I was seeking the Lord, “What does it mean the spirituality is a Body matter?” Finally the light and the experience came. Now I can say I know to some extent…It means, spirituality is a Body matter. In other words, in involves being built up with others.
	1.	
	2.	
	3.	- In other words, we all need one another. We enter into this realm together. We supply one another…
Just enjoy living in the divine and mystical realm. When I see you next time, there will be more Christ in you.

12/2/2019
Prophecy:
11/19/2019
RKangas
135
127
I was considering, what would be a profitable way this morning…to review what was covered last week and in the reading…Just keep these two questions in mind. One is objective. The other is subjective.
	1.	Why is seeing a vision of Christ enthrone to execute the divine administration [important to a believer]? It should be based upon the truth. Doesn’t matter how you feel, how it impresses you. It is the matter of the truth.
	2.	Of what was covered in the outline, and in the reading, and in the presentation of the lesson last week, what particular aspect of that lesson affected you the most, or, helped you the most, or interested you the most, or encrouaged you the most? Anything like this.

For the first part, because as I mentioned before, writing can be a way of clarifying to yourself what you are thinking, so for the first part, we will give you five minutes for this. You don’t have to write anything complete. A full sentence or two or jot down some notes. Once that is done, we will have a sharing along that line.

	1.	45 sec. It grants us a balanced view concerning God’s two basic ways of operating…Not just one who died for us and is giving us life, life supply, grace, peace, joy…But also one who is on the throne of God to…in the way of government. At the same time this enthrone Christ is another angel who will take the incense with the prayers of the saints to pour out on the earth. Which means, when we see a vision of Christ enthroned, we will willingly and eagerly render our cooperation to join Him in His heavenly ministry through our prayer so that He may fully carry out God’s economy and execute the divine administration.
	2.	…

Divine and Mystical Realm. In the spring of 1996, Br. Lee conducted training with the coworkers and elders…titled Divine And Mystical Realm. Just the subject itself can be perplexing. Talking to the elders worldwide. “You all need to be in a realm higher than where you are in now.” Br. Lee himself had learned to live in this realm while he was living in the physical realm. Because he was in this realm he  could spontaneously discern where the rest of for us were. And he wanted us to advance. So we need to spend some time with the title of this lesson. Then the outline will unfold.

A realm, a sphere, some kind of territory. Why is it, and I say it with human feeling. Why so many people want to get into the United States, rather legally or not? Because they realize where you live makes a tremendous difference. Here is a hypothetical illustration. Suppose a couple from Korea are living in the United States. There are here for a period of time. And the wife brings forth the identical twin. Something happens to the relationship. The husband takes one of the twins and goes back to North Korea. And the mother stays in the United States and raises the other. They are identical from the same source. Then they meet somehow, 25 years later. Do you think they will be quite different? They will be almost immeasurably different. Not only in language. In concepts, in values. They will be shaped by the environment in which they are living. And in the gospel, revealed in the New Testament, the gospel of the kingdom, we are transferred out of one realm, really the authority of Satan, the satanic realm, into the kingdom of the Son of God’s love. This transfer portrays, in Exodus and others in the Old Testament. The people of Israel were in bondage…God’s goal was to redeem them and bring them on a journey…to establish His kingdom. So realm, sphere, is of great significance. So every one of us, humanly, was born into a realm. First in family. Then in school. Then the realm expands. Then the Lord brings you to a training like this. And there are sisters and brothers from all different realm. This is God’s wisdom and sovereignty. But there is a realm called divine and mystical realm. And the emphasis on this outline will be on mystical. So divine, we can readily understand that. It must be God’s realm. And the nature of it is of God. But the word “mystical,” this we need to consider. I think you can recall, and it is probably in your memory—reading something or hearing someone speaking concerning the significance of the bread of the Lord’s table. There is the unleavened bread. What does the bread signify? The Lord’s body broken for us. But we repeatedly also say the bread signify the mystical body of Christ. If we say spiritual body, that would be an error because that refers to Christ’s resurrection body, a spiritual body, a body permeated by and dominated by the Spirit. But we use the modifier “mystical.” Some might begin, unfortunately, they will stop their analysis by saying, mystical equals mysterious. Well, I agree that anything mystical is…mysterious. But they are not synonyms. I am going to share with you my present understanding, which I admit…is incomplete. Mystical refers to a reality, spiritual reality that we cannot contact or substantiate by our senses, our physical senses. You can’t see it. You can’t touch it. You can’t smell it. So those that promote naturalistic metaphysics, that is, the view of the universe that declares only material things exist, that they live absolutely in the realm of physical senses and their mind to understand to the certain extent—so what is mystical cannot be substantiated…And it transcends our mind, our reasoning capacity. We might be able to grasp some thought when someone speaks about it. But you can’t touch it either. So we can take a step, because we are using words to convey a thought. We can understand the words, can grasp the thought a little bit. But still it is just in our thinking. And then, the rest of our souls, you can’t feel it. You don’t substantiate it by having a feeling. So, I already mentioned, the atheists who says we are mentally ill if we believe in God—Richard Dawkins…

When we we are baptized into Christ, we not only entered into a person, [but] the kingdom of the Son of His love. First, the divine and mystical realm is God Himself. We cannot enter the Godhead. But through Christ’s incarnation, human living, crucifixion, and resurrection, God opened this realm to us. That is the kingdom. Those that are born of the kingdom [can] see the kingdom. Those that are born of water and the Spirit can enter the kingdom. To enter into the kingdom is to enter into God as the realm…[In the Father]. This is the realm of Christ’s heavenly ministry. Christ right now, as we are meeting here, is carrying out, nonstop, his heavenly ministry, as revealed in Hebrews, Revelations…Administrating the universe, carrying out God’s economy. Especially, he is shepherding us. And if we have no spiritual understanding of this realm, our experience of it will be severely limited. It may not exist at all. Here you have in the subject, to enter into, the divine and mystical realm. We are going to consider how to enter into another realm—the divine and mystical realm of the processed and consummated Triune God. And in this realm, Christ is carrying out His heavenly ministry. How do we enter into it? If we simply say we believe in Him, have a vision of it, appreciate it. But you have the word enter…To enter into a [country] dressed like [how I am]. How you enter, this is the decisive matter. The way of entering. And they all got in. They learned to be wise (take off white shirt, tie, some even wore baseball cap). Hebrews 4. Where is the throne of grace? Can you put on your Google function and find out the direction to the throne of grace? It is in the heavens. How can we come forward to the throne of grace that is in the highest heavens? Well, we need a picture that will help us understand this. Jacob, he is alone there in the wilderness. Sees the ladder joining earth to heaven. See the angels ascending and descending. Then he wakes up. “This is the house of God!” And there is a ladder joining earth to heaven. Now we go to John 1:51. And the Lord says to Nathanael, “You will see angels ascending and descending on the Son of Man.” Put this together with Genesis 22. The ladder is the Son of Man. So Christ in His resurrection and ascension is the ladder. And remember, Jacob says this is the house of God. Eph. 2:21-22. We are built together to be the dwelling place of God in spirit. So the house of God is in our spirit. In our spirit is Christ. Christ is the heavenly ladder. So when we turn to our spirit, and enter our spirit, and stay in our spirit, under this light, immediately the ladder brings us into the Holy of Holies in the heavens while you are waiting at the read arrow for two and a half minutes because the drivers ahead of you had slow reflexes and now you are going to be late for this and you are unhappy that they were so slow. But if you have the vision, then little by little you will learn. “Okay, I am stuck here, but I am going to spend two and a half minutes in the divine and mystical realm. While I am in this car, while my soul is feeling this, in my spirit, I can enter this realm.” Then, all that is happening in Christ’s heavenly ministry is transmitted to us. Not all at once. It is going to the whole Body. But, like I mentioned last week, the vine knows what the branches need. He knows all of our situations right now. And He is carrying for us right now, praying for us, shepherding us, preparing us. This is a reality. So this is just, I realized, a rather feeble attempt to open this initially.

I.
In the physical realm of His earthly ministry, Christ being the Christ in the flesh.
So he came into this realm to become part of it, to establish the God-man living as the prototype to redeem us, to reconcile us, to release the divine life. Then in His resurrection he was transfigured and glorified. Then His disciples saw Him ascend. Then the cloud took Him out of their thought. Now I am just sharing my thought: I don’t believe that the cloud took Him to some remote place in the universe, maybe thousands, millions of light years away and you can go there. I am inclined to think He went beyond the space-time, beyond the physical realm, and He was brought into this divine and mystical realm and was enthroned. But Stephen, when he was being martyred, was able to have a glimpse of this. This is mysterious…Christ is now in this realm. And what He is going to train us all to do, little by little, is to learn to live in two realms simultaneously. Outwardly you are taking care of all kinds of practical things. But inwardly you are connected to the ladder…to Christ in His heavenly ministry.

A.
So sad that so many dear Christian believers are stopped right here…God forgives you, you are born of the Spirit, you are saved, you have the eternal life. That is it. Now you try to do something for God and be a good Christian and you go to heaven. What about Romans 5:10? “…much more, we are being saved in His life.” So, we build on His earthly ministry. But being saved in His life is linked in His heavenly ministry. His heavenly ministry is not in the physical realm. There is no way you can verify it by your senses or in your soul. It is only in your spirit that you can contact it…and enter into it, into the realm of Christ’s heavenly ministry.

II.
He is there with His glorified, resurrection body. But our experience of Him is as the life-giving Spirit. What He is doing on the throne is dispensed into us and transmitted into us by the life-giving Spirit. This is take place from His resurrection through eternity. For eternity we will be dependent on the Lord. The river of water of life…We will always need Him…No more devil, death, sin, curse; we are fully matured, even glorified. But our relationship with the Triune God is according to the principle of the tree of life. The principle of the tree of life is dependence. We will always need this dispensing.

2.
He has an economy to carry out. So He will concentrate on those who are open to Him, consecrated to Him, those who would set aside two years to be in the training like this. This is like the 120 who were in the upper room. The Lord healed thousands and thousands. But to carry out His people, He needs people who are given to Him.
a.
b.
My first thought other than the Lord was you. “Strengthen them with power into the inner man…” I believe the Lord wants to feed us.
c.
Now. Not for thousand years.
h.
The Lord is administrating the entire world situation. But what is on His heart is to build His church, His bride…“I am coming for her…And here are brothers and sisters who love Me, call on Me…I am really going to do My best…These are the ones that I have to work with.” Only God can cause the growth. When we are in the flesh and outside of this realm, nothing happens. We can waste hours, days, months, years. Nothing happens because nothing can reach us. But when we are in the divine and mystical realm by being in the mingled spirit, all of this takes place.

B.
C.
This is deep, divine, and mystical ministry material. When this came forth the Lord moved among the dear saints in Taiwan to have PSRP because you can’t grasp these truths just by studying. You need to pray, you need to study. You need to remember by having it wrought into you. Then you need to speak. Don’t put a standard upon yourself to have a mastery of this…

11/19/2019
Prophecy:
Matt. 3:2 and 4:17 tells us both John and Jesus began their ministry preaching and proclaiming, charging people to “Repent, for the kingdom of the heavens has drawn near.” The book of Acts ends with Paul proclaiming the kingdom of God. This kingdom is the place which the Lord Himself prepared according to His promise in John 14:2-3 through incarnation, human living, crucifixion, and resurrection. Through His processes humanity was brought into God to open the way for us to enter into the kingdom of the heavens—to enter into God Himself as the divine and mystical realm. It is in this realm that Christ is carrying out His heavenly ministry (1 Cor. 1:30). Now, whenever we turn to our spirit, Jesus, the Son of Man, as the ladder joining earth to heaven, brings us into this most wonderful realm. And as we remain here, we are becoming saturated with Christ, the Son of God, by His dispensing and through His transmission, for the accomplishment of God’s eternal purpose.
10/22/2019
RGood
Three outline [pairs]—Person and Work. In the last week’s outline, where is Christ’s person and work? Person is pneumatic. Indwelling is the work. We have this wonderful Christ indwelling us. But is that all? He is not just the pneumatic Christ in us. What else is He? He is a man. Here we have a man. A little man from Lubbock, Texas. There is a little man like this man in the third heaven, on the throne. I don’t know how tall the Lord was. Somewhat like this man, like all of us. You just get on the plane and you see these little cars. You are amazed at how small we are in comparison to the earth, to the universe. Yet when we are on the earth, in our situations, it seems like our problems is so big. But actually when you get on the plane, eh so small. So there is one of these (man) on the throne. We are going to find out what kind of person this is...with a body, so finite.

He is the Son of Man. What does this term mean? He is not just man. He is the Son of Man. Ben-adam. That implies that he is a descendant from a human being. He is someone just like us. He went through the birth canal. He went through all of our experiences, the human life. The Son of Man. Actually what I would like to do is to read the Bible. Isa. 52:13-15. The Lord Jesus, His visage was marred, disfigured. That was the Lord Jesus. His visage was marred more than that of any man. We might see Him face to face and we might be surprised. The kings...they might be surprised. They will be surprised, astonished at this one. Fighting against God, rebelling against God, and here is this man, no attracting form or beauty...and here it is. This is the one that God has chosen and given the whole earth. The earth belongs to this man. Just impressed me. Christ in ascension is the Son of Man. He is the Son of Man.

Matt. 26:63-64. The Lord was adjusting the high priest’s understanding of Christ. Not just the Son of God but also the Son of Man. Most of us are right handed...The Son of Man has been raised and seated at the right hand of power. You can say that the Son of Man is God’s way of doing things. He operates is the principle of incarnation. He is waiting for someone, a human being whom He can bring to His right hand and carry out His economy through this man. It is very interesting for Greek scholars. There are actually two prepositions used with “right hand.” Ek, ev. Out of. In. The sense of “out of,” the source, carrying out. He is not static. He is actually functioning out from God, out from God’s economy. Jehovah talking to David’s Lord. Of course the Lord says how can this be. This notion of being at the right hand comes initially from this Greek translation of Psalm 110:1. When the enemies are the footstool, that means everything has been subdued on the earth. Today we see enemies around us. But in the moment we are the beachhead. Our being is the beachhead...for the Lord to come back. This is what we are here for, in the training to be prepared so that the Lord can gain the earth in us (firstly). Rom. 8:34.

Greek nugget. We were talking about Greek and Hebrew. Really Greek is more crucial for the truth. Hebrew is describing a lot of things in the physical, material realm whereas Greek is getting into the...nuts and bolts of the New Testament revelation. But something I enjoyed in Hebrew...related to the Lord’s ascension. Br. Lee didn’t say anything about this matter...Exodus...you have the children of Israel very thirsty and they are crying out. Moses cries out to Jehovah...He says to strike the rock and the water will come out...Then in Numbers 20:8, again, this is at the end of the journey, another situation of complaining being thirsty. The Lord says, “Take the rod...and speak to the rock.” But he strikes. What’s the problem? On one hand Moses lost his temper. Two words for rocks in Hebrew: Zur(?). Pressure, constriction. That is the first one used. That signifies the crucified Christ. He was the one under pressure. Gethsemane. He was struck. He was the crucified Christ. When you come to Numbers 20:8, I’m not sure where they were...there is another word for rock: Selah. In the psalms we’ve got Selah, swelling, up lifting. There is a place in Jordan called Selah. This word Selah actually signifies the ascended Christ. So Moses, when he struck that rock twice, it wasn’t a matter of disobeying; he messed up the type. All you have to do is speak. The Lord is now in ascension, not just resurrection. Of course you don’t need to crucify, strike Him again. But He is the ascended Christ.

He is at the right hand of God. He is crowned with glory and honor. Here is this man, despised Nazarene. He is now crowned...this is the man. “Behold the man!” All of the kings of the earth, they are in another realm when they are thinking about ruling and reigning. They completely miss it. Even with us, we need to have a proper realization of who the Lord is and who we are. Who are we? We are nothing, nobody...Related to the recent sharing that we had in India on the one new man. What struck me again and it continues to impress me, is that the Lord is the person of the one new man. Not you, not me. Why is He the person of the one new man? What is special about this person? It was more significant that He went through that process (human living). What was going on? What He was doing is, He as a genuine human being, He has His own person, personality. But He denied that person’s personality and took the Father as His person. This is the person of the one new man, someone who denies His person to live by another person. This person lives in us as the pneumatic Christ. It is not just that we have a divine being in us. But we have this one who took the Father as His person.

He is the one who is crowned with glory and honor. This one is sitting on the throne, administrating the universe. This little Nazarene is administrating the universe from God’s throne. He is working out Brexit. He is working out the situation in next year’s election. He is the one enthroned for God’s administration. He is the ruler of the kings of the earth. The Lord is the ruler of the kings of the earth. The story of Esther. You don’t actually have the name of God mentioned unless you can read Hebrew. Basically the point of the book is God who hides Himself. There is this...guy who wanted people to bow down to him. Mordekai refuses. Haman plans to wipe out all the Jews. The king of Persia can’t sleep at night. Why is this? The Ruler of the kings of the earth is operating and He is making sure that Hasuera can’t sleep. And then he says, wait a minute, someone is trying to kill me. Someone informed me that someone was trying to kill me. We should reward him. So the king says, What should I do with one whom I delight in. Haman thinks, “It’s me.” Haman’s plot gets turned on its head.

He is the Leader and Savior. He is leading the situations on the earth so that we can be saved. This person who is here, his grandfather passed away few days ago. His great grandfather was in Turkey at the end of WWI. Ottoman Empire. They called it the Sick man of Europe. It got reduced. The Turks were raised up to be the Turkish nation. He wanted to have this pure Turkey. But in the area of Turkey were other races Armenians and...So they carried out this terrible genocide. This great grandfather was 8 year old. And some catholic priest helped him escape from Turkey, Syria. And they gave him a Bible. Loved reading and praying. Eventually got married and had kids. First he sent the brother’s father here so that he wouldn’t go to military to fight against Israel. The whole family came. We need to get out of this area and they came to Anaheim. During that time we had the Full-Time Training in Anaheim and we were using these reverse directories to call. His uncle (14-15 year old) answers the phone. “Can we visit you?” “Of course.” The trainees came over and preached the gospel. I happened to me there. This brother’s father would hide in the back. We were quite for a while. He thought we left so he came out. And we preached the gospel and he got saved. My point is, there is this leader. The Lord is arranging for the salvation of the people. If they stayed in Turkey, Syria, or Glendale, they may have never come into the church life.

The Lord of all. We need to confess Jesus Christ is Lord! This little man from Nazarene is in charge, the Lord.

He is also carrying out His heavenly ministry...Every knee shall bow, every tongue, everything that has a tongue shall confess, Jesus Christ is Lord. Throughout history people have tried to gain this earth. But this earth belongs to the Lord. He is the Lord. And everyone will confess, all these ones, even the ones who “hate God,” they will conference.

Jesus Christ is the Righteous. And He is the Paraclete. You want the lawyers who (1) know the law. But not a crooked one. He is not trying to get us off in an illegal way but in a legal way. Paraclete—take care of our affairs. Translated both the Comforter and Advocate. There are two Greek word for “another”: the same kind of comforter, another kind of comforter. So He is the same kind of comforter. He will remind you...Praise the Lord we have the memory of the Holy Spirit.

The High Priest. He is the one who made propitiation for the sins of the people. He is also the one with breastplate...The high priests got these stones with the names of the twelve tribes. It is lit up. But when it goes dark there is a problem and there is where the speaking comes. There is 22 letters in the Hebrew alphabet. This one, this one, this one, and this one. Two of the three consonants for sin, and two of the three consonants for righteousness. You need Urim and Thummim to complete this. In God’s people there are. The Lord Jesus is the only one who can take care of these two problems: sin and righteousness. Then you can write everything out.

He is the propitiation cover. He is the place where God and man meets. Paul realized this. He is not only the one carrying out...but He is the place! This is the throne. We meet God on the throne in the heavens.

He is the Mediator and the Surety of the better covenant. He is mediating, bringing the two parties together. And he is guaranteeing...
10/15/2019
RKanags
132
505
536
Tells us Christ is in us and also transcendent. An instance of the twofoldness of the divine Truth. Col. 1:27; 3:1.

The first is...Gospel, Conference, or Didactic message...

Mal. 3:6.

Proper spirit. We can only have a dialogue with reasonable person, who wants to truly understand what we are saying.

Message 8
The Godhead is unchangeable. So the exact term we use is immutable. But when the Word became flesh and became the God-man, that is some kind of change. But that is change in God’s economy, not in God’s essence...We do not enter the Godhead. Some very unreasonable opposers in 70s wrote about MindBenders that was actually attacking only us. They said we claimed the church is part of the Godhead. That is blatantly false. That process brought forth many brothers, many sons. It will bring forth, ultimately, the Body of Christ, the one new man, and the bride, the wife...

We will be able to experience the all-inclusive Christ and enjoy the all-inclusive Christ. Experience is primarily in the spirit. The enjoyment is primarily in the soul. The soul(?) is the organ of expression and the organ of enjoyment...Something going on in our soul that is not allowing us to have joy in our soul originating from the Spirit in our spirit. Whatever is going on, the Lord is the Shepherd of our soul, and He wants to shepherd...that we may have joy. There is an inward enemy of joy. It is the self. It is hard to discern the difference between my soul as an organ and the self which is the fallen soul one with the mind of the enemy. “Kill-joy.” It just kills our own joy. The self is the opposer of this. So the indwelling Spirit will apply the cross to the self so that our soul can function as the organ of enjoyment. The more we pass through this stage, the more joy we will have. And I don’t know how anyone can compare(?) with Br. Nee’s final testimony. The whole time he is in suffering. There is nothing in the environment that is enjoyable. He was so weak, couldn’t go to cafeteria to eat. His roommate ate half of his own food and brought the rest to Br. Nee. There is nothing in his environment...But his last word was, “I have maintained my joy.” In the midst of the suffering (his wife’s death). They wouldn’t let him go to funeral. Yes, in the midst of that he had joy, because the self, the robber of joy, was dealt with.

...The goal of the Christian life is the out-resurrection from the dead. The church as the Body of Christ must absolutely be in resurrection. So the reality of the resurrected Christ is this pneumatic Christ. Then He becomes the pneumatic Christ. In resurrection, Christ is in the believers. Eventually you will find that some brothers will be writing for A&C or some other journal. The theologians cringe at this...The New Testament tells us that Christ is in us.

B.
Rom. 8:10; 2 Cor. 13:5. We need to know this. Maybe you are in a stage, “I believe Christ is in me.” But sisters take the lead in this. “Make this real to me, so I know that You, right now, as a person, is dwelling inside of me.” You need to know this. Col. 1:27. Much of the time, we need to begin with hope (Heb. 11:1). “Hope of salvation.” About yourself, concerning this or that. These are lies. So we need to have a hope guarding our thoughts. The enemy is the one who is hopeless. Christ in us, in the midst of suffering, gives us hope, a hope of glory.

C.
Because you are here and near and dear. Thanksgiving Conference: Knowing and Experiencing the all-inclusive, extensive Christ...That is based on Colossians. You may want to read through Colossians. These outlines will be quite enlightening and quite supplying. The first message will be on the will of God...for us to experience and enjoy the all-inclusive Christ. Let the Spirit flow in you to give you some experience of Christ, enjoyment of Christ, and when the brothers from the house whose coordinators made them pray-read verses...you will enjoy...you end the night, thanking the Lord, praising the Lord.

E.
We know this, but there is no separation. You don’t have a sense of three persons in you. Just one. The Father is in us, the Son is in us, the Spirit is in us, but we always have the sense that we are contacting one person.

F.
This is a permanent matter. Unchanging. “...Timothy, fulfill your ministry.” The Lord is with your spirit. The Lord. Right now. It is just awesome. Right now, the Lord Himself, the living Person, is with your spirit. Even more, you are joined to Him, you are one spirit with Him.

G.

John 14:16. “Another.” So who is the first comforter? It is the one who is speaking about another comforter. So another Comforter is the Spirit of reality. Verse 18. Now He is referring to Himself as one who is abiding with them physically and who will be and shall be in you. And what we have here is Christ, the God-man in the flesh being a Comforter to them. Then He says there will be another Comforter. You are beholding already a Comforter, Me. But another Comforter will be in you. Christ the first Comforter in resurrection becomes another Comforter, the Spirit of reality, the Holy Spirit. So Br. Lee stated directly, Christ is the Holy Spirit in this sense, in this economical sense. You cannot separate them. “I will not leave you as orphans.” This implies a father. “I will not leave you as fatherless.” The Father will be in Him and as the Spirit He comes because the three are inseparable. Because He lives in us, that causes us to live. This is the definition of the Christian life. Christ is living in us. When we let Him live and live Him out, that is the Christian life. “In that day you will know.” Not ‘think,’ not ‘believe.’ ‘Know.’ “That I am in My Father, you in Me, and I in you.” Earlier, in verses 10-11, when the Lord was asked, “Show us the Father,” verse 10 says, “Do you not believe that I am in the Father and the Father is in Me? The words that I speak to you I do not speak from Myself...Believe me I am in the Father and the Father is in Me.” Now He says, verse 20, “You will know.” In incarnation, Christ the expression and the embodiment of the Triune God brought God into humanity. So He became the Triune God-man. The Father was in Him and the Holy Spirit begot Him. In resurrection, He opened the way, not to heaven, but to the Father. When you are in the Father, you are in the Father’s house. In that day is the day of resurrection. But in principle, it is when we touch the indwelling pneumatic Christ as resurrection, we begin to know something. First about the Lord, that He is in the Father. Then it is a great thing to realize that we are in the Lord. Therefore we are being in the Father by being in the Lord who is in the Father...This opens a whole aspect of the spiritual realm. Even the whole recovery, we all need this. The apostle John took the lead in writing the first epistle. “That you may have fellowship with us. And our fellowship is with the Father and with His Son, Jesus Christ.” If, almost any of us, were asked, please share with us, what is it like to have a fellowship with the Father? That doesn’t mean we are off, deficient. That means we are still developing. There are certain needs that you have, spontaneously and sincerely you bring them to the Lord. But the Lord might say, Bring this to the Father. The Father knows. You need to know that you have a Father. The Lord says, “You will know that I am in you.” And the Father is in Him and Christ is in us as the Spirit. So you need to a light on what you are and who you are, you are Triune God persons...leap and shout and sing and praise, I am a Triune God man!

10/15/2019
John 14:16-18, And I will ask the Father, and He will give you another Comforter, that He may be with you forever, Even the Spirit of reality, whom the world cannot receive, because it does not behold Him or know Him; but you know Him, because He abides with you and shall be in you. I will not leave you as orphans; I am coming to you.
Prophecy:
John 14:16-18 presents a wonderful revelation of the pneumatic and indwelling processed Triune God. In verse 16-17, Jesus speaks of asking the Father to give another Comforter, the Spirit of reality. The title, another Comforter, implies a first Comforter, which was Jesus Christ Himself. In verse 18, Jesus says, “I will not leave you...I am coming to you,” implying that the coming of another Comforter will actually be His own coming. The Spirit of reality as another Comforter is just Christ Himself in another form. Moreover, He says He will not leave them as orphans, which implies a father. Hence, the coming of the Son was the coming of the Father. The very giving of another Comforter was the coming of the Father in the Son, Jesus, in His transfiguration as the pneumatic Christ, even the Spirit of reality, to indwell His believers to be with them forever. This is the one we have believed into. And today whenever we touch the indwelling pneumatic Christ as resurrection we our brought further to know that Jesus is in His Father, and we are in Him, and He is in us. We may even leap and shout in knowing that we are Triune-God-men!
11/12/2019
RKangas
554
645
The lesson for this morning, according to my understanding, is of a very critical importance because it presents a view both of God in Christ and the world situation in which we all are involved in…

I would hope that eventually, based on what you may learn this morning and what you are learning from various directions, that you will live the rest of your life with a twofold realization regarding God. I am saying God and not saying the Father or the Lord Jesus but God. And there are two words that we should associate with Him and should be just written in our being. The first of the two we are quite familiar with. And that is, grace. We’ve all been saved by grace. The last words of the whole Bible concerns grace. Paul would testify, 1 Cor. 15:10, “I am what I am by the grace of God.” He heard the Lord say to him, “My grace is sufficient.” So we can never overemphasize grace. “The Word became flesh, full of grace and reality.” “Of His fullness have we all received grace upon grace.” And all genuine believers that have responded to the basic elements of the Bible know that we are saved by grace through faith in His redemption work. But the second word we should associate with God is almost entirely neglected. First it is neglected. And then it is rejected. And that word is government. God, once He began to create living beings, beginning with angels, He began to execute His government, His rule, with His authority, over everything. And then when He created the whole universe with all of its details—created us, He established laws, vital principles…He is a God of order. He is a God with a government. Br. Nee, in his message on Head Covering, that is in a little book. But in the first major part of that message, He uses this expression, “God’s two systems.” I would rather just say, “God’s two basic ways of operating.” One is grace. He saves us by grace. The other is government.

In just several weeks, we will have the December Training, and that will be only training on Deuteronomy. And Deuteronomy mainly consists of the speaking of Moses to the people. And as he is speaking, it is very clear that he himself is under the government of God. For instance, he reminded them of what happened when he struck the rock the second time and called the people rebels. God immediately responded and said, “You are the rebel, you did not sanctify Me, you will not enter into the good land.”…Moses immediately honored God’s governmental action in relation to what he…did because he was the deputy authority and he seriously misrepresented Him. And God would not tolerate that…You get the impression that [Moses] is not sorry for himself, not asking for sympathy. He is very educated, knowing his days are going to the end, and caring for the future lives of his children. He just realized, “This happened to me.” Also he is remembering things because as a part of the book…to see crucial things. He said, “Remember Miriam.” Just remember that. Remember the nature of rebellion. And then Moses, he began his full-time service after completing 80 terms—40 years. He served for 40 years. He is 120. He is in perfect health. Doesn’t need glasses, doesn’t need cane. “Moses died at the word of the Lord.” So Moses himself, as a representative of God, was under God’s government with His absolute authority. And He really wanted to know God. That is why in Exodus 34, we had a message on this about 3 years ago, He prayed, “Lord, teach me Your ways that I may know You.” So this book is a book of government, educating the people concerning how you will enter and possess the good land. How you will fight with Jehovah fighting for you. And this is how you must live there. And this is how you will worship God corporately. But if you do not fear God, love God, and serve Him from your heart, judgment will come and you will be driven from the land. So the land itself, the all-inclusive Christ, is the realm of grace, inexhaustible, indescribable enjoyment…milk and honey…The Lord wants us to live here. But in order to be here and live here, we need to recognize, there is a government because God needs to bring His government, His kingdom, to the earth. That is why He commissioned us to represent Him to subdue the earth and replenish it. And to bring God’s kingdom here. So there are these two ways of working.

Only God knows in His omniscience what the professors, theologians, preachers really know concerning God. But based upon their writings, of which we have some extensive familiarity, I don’t see much. It is all about, “God loves you, Christ died for you, you are saved by grace, when you die you will go to a wonderful place.” But when the Lord began His ministry, He began by saying, “The kingdom is at hand, repent for the kingdom.” So soon we will go through the outline but…I want to continue on the opening part. We need a vision and a personal realization that we are under a government. I remember when I with my wife then flew into Shanghai 1981 to smuggle in Bibles. And a number of saints were doing this. When we landed their, it was like time warp, 1940s. But as we went down the stairs, there is a soldier right there with his rifle (holding), and then I said something to my wife, “I think we are not in California anymore.” We are in another realm and there is a government here. Now, Br. Nee points out first these two ways God operates. Then he identifies serious mistakes, mainly—this is my word—unintentional. When a police pulls you over, he is not concerned whether or not you did unintentionally or ignorantly…You are in government. And the one who represents the government has a pad and a pen…and checks your record. So Br. Nee helps us to see to avoid this mistake, to somehow we try to appeal to grace to be saved from God’s government. “God is so loving, so merciful. Surely there is no discipline. Whatever I do, I say sorry, it is all over.” But none of you were raised liked that in your family. You did some really, really naughty things. Your dad, your mom still love you. Then there is some restriction. It is not everything is honky-dory. You use a fowl word with your mom and I am the dad. I love you. But this is serious. So you need to learn from this and you will learn. I am not going to hit you, something physical. But there will be some restriction…that this will never happen again. And that is actually a part of our development as a responsible adult. So we should never think we can appeal to His mercy, grace, love as a way of avoiding His government. Moses didn’t say, “Lord, I just blew it one time. You know how difficult these people are. The percentage is in my favor, 99.5. Can’t you just let it go?” The Lord seem to say, “I still love you, our fellowship is still intimate. You will be in the kingdom. But you will be a pattern to my people…because you have learned this, you have the ground to speak this. So when you speak, I will back up.” We are in the age of grace. He wants us to come forward with boldness to the throne of grace. Paul’s last words to Timothy was, “Grace be with you.” This should be our focus. But with the focus, there should be the realization, “I am experiencing grace in a certain realm called the kingdom of God. And in this kingdom God has a government.” Take the United States. That is the country. Then the government, nationally, is in the Washington DC. So we are not only in the kingdom. We are in the government. And when we see this and when we learn to live with this awareness, our peace will be profound and our sense of security will be unshakeable. Because we are blessed by the God of grace, and we are gladly to be under the government of God which is true in every way.

In the beginning of Revelation 4, he received the summons to “come up here.” Then verse 2…I remember the morning. I was praying with 2 or 3 brothers. Somehow we came to this verse. We were praying over it. And spiritually speaking, the heavens were opened. I saw the throne. As I am standing here, I see the throne. This is real to me. And that scene brought in a very significant step just in spiritual development, spiritual understanding. I saw a throne set in heaven. Now we are loving the Lord with our mind right now. So that thoughts, concepts, ideas, perceptions, in our mind are according to our God. In what kind of universe do you live? If someone would buy into material view, they will say all that exist is physical, material. There is nothing else. The universe created itself. By the way that is self-contradictory statement. “It” created. But “it” is a creature. Nobel winning physicist but a stupid philosopher. Idiocy of your think is exposed. Everything is by chance. There is no purpose. There was just this gigantic powerful explosion. Planets were formed, stars were formed. It takes more faith than to believe that God is. Basically that is a meaningless universe. Most Americans don’t think about it. Let’s just look forward to weekend, get drunk on Saturday…and not think about it. But a part of my job is to make people think about it…that they wake up. Or, you live in a universe that is governed by the throne. And this needs to be vision because we are not saying something so simple. “Everything is harmonious, righteous, peaceful, secure.” Of course, there is throne here. That is not the situation. In the US right here, it is a time of chaos. It is incredible what is going on in the House of Representatives and media. It is just lawless, chaotic, inhuman. And then all kinds of things heaven. The Holocaust, the Vietnam War, the ..toa Volcanic eruption. Imagine of 20 of them take place at the same time. People will say, “Oh, this is a climate change.” Okay, we will be facing an outwardly chaotic situation. And there will be events in our lives inexplicable to us. The enemy will inject thought to us, either there is no God or no God that cares for you. But in the midst of that…we see beyond that. John saw beyond the Roman Empire, beyond his imprisonment…the degradation of the church…He saw the throne. Then he says, “Upon the throne, there was One sitting.” That is God; God governing.

5:6, the Lamb is on the throne. This corresponds to what we have been studying regarding Christ’s ascension, that God-man Jesus is now on the throne where God is, making it the throne of God and of the Lamb, and He has been enthroned as the Heavenly Administrator in God’s universal government. This morning I was praying along this line regarding what is going on in this country. And my prayers are not political. I am not for or against this person. I am a theocrat. I believe in theocracy. God rules. So my prayers are directed to the One on the throne. “What do You, Lord, want to do? What is Your will in this matter? Do You want to remove this One, do You want to maintain this One…? For the sake of Your move…” It is the throne. And on the throne is the Lamb, carrying out the heavenly administration…carrying out God’s government.

I.
So you have all those verses. And this will involve a vision of God’s sovereignty. And we have as a reference here, 1 Kings 22:19…they were fighting and the king of Israel tried to be clever to avoid the situation. Then the archer from the enemy…at random just shot it. And the king was clothed with armor. And the arrow go coursing through the air and goes through the little space between the armor and kills the king. The materialists would say that is just chance…but in God’s universe, there is no chance. This indicates that although God is silent, we realize, the prophet spoke. “Ahab, you are not coming back.” “When I come back I will going to deal with you.” “If you come back, then God has not spoken from me.” Then God carried that out. And I believe the Lord on the throne had many more arrows. He struck down Mussolini, Stalin…

II.
We need to know a man is doing this. And He is doing this as a God-man. As a God He already was the man on the throne. Now the Lamb is there. To us He is the Lamb. To the enemy He is the Lion. And He is executing. We need to learn to agree with this because His ways of doing this is drastically different from ours. Isa. 55, “As heavens are above the earth, My ways are higher than the yours…” Some of you…baffled, “Why isn’t God doing this?” The only One who knows is He God Himself and He is silent. But if we see the vision, even though we don’t have an answer, we don’t have to pretend that we have an answer—but we have a vision of the throne.

A.
John 20:17. We know from Matthew, two women touched the resurrected Christ. So the Lord made a secret ascension to present Himself as the firstborn Son to the Father…Coronation of Jesus (in Acts) to be Lord of the whole universe (with a multitude of angels). So when we just say, “Lord Jesus,” we need to know whom we are talking.

B.
God’s government and grace combined. He is Lamb to us. When need the Lamb, we come to Him for mercy and grace. The Lamb is also the Administrator. The Lamb is not on the cross. The Lamb is on the throne.

D.
So the seven eyes roam about the whole earth. There is a proverb, “The eyes of the Lord are on every place…” He is able to administrate just by looking. When you were young…you can just tell by their index (of our parents). It is not just a stern look. What was in Jesus’s face when Peter denied Him three times and He turned and looked at him. That just melted his heart for his failure. He didn’t say, “See, I told you, dummy.” I don’t believe He was angry. Only Peter knows. So the Lord on the throne carries out the decision made by the throne. He administrates. Then the seven eyes go everywhere. They are in the Oval Office right. They are in the Supreme Court building, the House, the Senate, CNN, Hollywood, over all the cartel in Mexico…Then what kind of prayer will ascend when the church realize the Lamb is on the throne…

III.
Just this one. So, you studied a little about the revolution in Spain…Romania…Cambodia. Or just in the United States you have Richard Nixon, something happened to him, Jarrod Ford, who wasn’t reelected. The point is, the One with the authority is the Leader of every ruler on the earth. This is sad, let me tell you something. In one message…in 2017, on Tuesday night I was speaking…that this election was…behind this was God’s government. Then someone sent an anonymous type letter saying, “You are a Trump supporter.” Probably not your age. You gotta be older and more opinionated to do this. I am not offended but it is clear. Here is a saint in the Lord’s recovery who is not clear about the throne…He had all kinds of feelings. So those who are for the person is full of joy and those who hate him is full of bitterness. If you live with that kind of soul, there is no way you will be able to contact throne and pray. It was an indicator. I wasn’t offended. But I am concerned because that emerged in the social media in the last few months made it very clear that there are a lot of “church kids” who never met God. They [received Him] when they were twelve. But they never met God. There is no fear of God. No fear. Otherwise you couldn’t write some things that they wrote to us. Again, as soon as it comes, I refer it to the One on the throne. I am not going to respond to the person. This doesn’t have to happen to you in one day…You may spend some time with this outline. And little by little we will begin to see. So I just appeal to the One who is the Ruler of the kings of the earth. “You will determine Brexit. You will rule over what is going on in Bolivia.” [One] left, other countries wouldn’t let him land. is now hiding in the forest. “Your will be done!” So when the prophets were told to anoint someone a king…someone with very strong disposition. His task was to deal with Jezebel. Prophet has no opinion. “Anoint him. I need him now. I don’t need some nice guy…I need a warrior. I need some fierce.” So even when he was approaching, “Woah this is Jehu, no one rides like Jehu.” We are for the One on the throne. As the Ruler of the kings of the earth, Christ rules the whole earth…Let’s pray He opens Iran, and He opens North Korea, and He opens Cuba.

C.
Some of you that are inclined this way, it is beneficial to study the world history in this light…There are very few these rare species of humanities interested in history…

D.
Many of us can testify. “How did you get here?” “You went to some campus…You met some people.” This gives you a thrill to your life and adds more faith…

2.
So, don’t be afraid. He will arrange circumstances that you may grow in life. I remember the day in 1985, when a little boy Joey Marks was born. According to the world, he should just abort. He came from God. Earlier this year he went to be with the Lord. So precious. This life was a gift. Down syndrome. But something exceedingly precious. And so many of the events that he allows…we are not going to like him. Jacob didn’t say, “Hallelujah for Leah!”…Whether you like it or not, he is going to arrange. We are all the same. Eventually, more and more, we will humble ourselves in His hand.

IV.
So He is the executing. He can open it up. And He knows how we are close the end. I believe, even all of us here, or many of us here, will live to the end and finish our course by being rapture as the first fruits. Someone has to be alive. Why not you? But I am not giving up. Why not us? If not me, how about you? We will ask, How was the trip?

A.
The whole thing is a secret. What He is going to do, how He is going to do it, it is beyond us.

C.
1.
So some of you mentioned, in your precious sharing, about Christ being the Fighter. You need to realize you are all lion cubs. All sisters are lionesses.
2.
You see, how grace and government are combined just under this one person on the throne? Lamb, that is grace. Lion, that is warfare, that is government. And the Lion-Lamb is on the throne…This is a governing visions. The heavens rule…
3.

11/18/2019
Reading:
	-	What was finished in John 19 was the work of redemption. But His standing position and His seven flashing eyes (Rev. 5:6) both indicate He is taking action.
	-	Right after His sacrificial death, He received the universal and eternal commission from God’s hand.
	-	In His earthly ministry Christ accomplished redemption. Now in His heavenly ministry He is raising up God’s building. Redemption is for God’s building.
	-	We are here in our day reflecting what Christ is doing in the heavens.
	-	The universal (heavens and earth) administration of Christ…
	-	God deals with the universe according to His testament. This new testament the Redeemer of the whole universe is qualified to take, open and execute.
	-	Christ is the One who:
	-	Died to redeem the whole universe.
	-	Conquered Satan through His death.
	-	Consummated the covenant with His redeeming blood.
	-	Bequeathed the new testament to us.
	-	Christ:
	-	The High Priest for the churches.
	-	The overcoming Lamb, the Lion-Lamb qualified to execute the new testament.
	-	“Another Angel.”
	-	Our prayer is the response to His heavenly ministry.
	-	The pouring out of God’s answers to our prayers is equivalent to His universal administration.
	-	Christ is administrating this whole universe through our prayers.
	-	The completing ministry—which corresponds to Christ’s heavenly ministry—is to bring forth the Body so that the Head can carry out God’s administration on earth.
	-	Christ—the center of God’s economy and the circumference of God’s purpose—must live in us, and we must live Him. Then we grow together as the Body and the universal new man. Christ as His Body, and God has a new man. Then Christ can act, and God can carry out His eternal purpose.

Prophecy:
Our seeing a vision concerning God’s two basic ways of operating will cause us to live a life with a twofold realization regarding God for His economy and for our safeguard until the Lord’s return. One is grace. John 1:14 tells us, as God in man, He is full grace. And the other is government. Revelation 4 and 5 shows us, as God with man, He is the One on the throne, exercising His authority in His government.

These two ways are brought together in an excellent way in Hebrews 12:28, which says, “Therefore receiving an unshakeable kingdom, let us have grace, through which we may serve God well-pleasingly with piety and fear.” On one hand we need a proper fear of God regarding His government, while on the other hand, we must come forward with boldness to take His grace. The fear motivates us to come forward to take grace, which grace then supplies us to be properly kept under His government.
10/8/2019
RKangas
Traditional theology and the truth presented in the Lord’s recovery through the ministry testified in the churches. All genuine believers have the common faith to believe in the Triune God, that God sent His Son who was both human and divine. He died for our redemption, He was raised with His glorified body from the dead, He ascended. But they cringe, starting with the theologians, in their small mindedness, when we point out from the word there are two aspects to Christ’s sonship. And they are not contradictory. We want to know, we want to emphasize, the first, in His eternal Godhead, Christ is the only begotten Son. That will never change. As far as Godhead is concerned, there will not be any brothers of Christ there. That will change the nature of God, which is impossible. But in Ephesians 1:5, Paul tells us that Paul tells us that God in Christ has predestinated us unto sonship. To have sonship, that refers to the status and condition, the privileges of a son. You have to be a son. Otherwise there are no persons to have that state. So just think about this. If God’s thought is to have people who are as holy as He is and who are His sons, how will this be worked out? When there is one Son already, the only begotten Son, how can that happen? So there are certain crucial verses that are wrongly interpreted, passed over, or minimized, like Romans 8:29. Christ would be the firstborn among many brothers. Among the day of resurrection, the Lord the sister...He says, “Go to My brothers.” Where did His brothers come from? How can He have brothers? It is because His resurrection was a birth to Him. We will consider now, because this is the most difficult lesson you will have in the four terms of this class. You don’t have to fully assimilate it. Even the ministering brothers are advancing more and more.

Christ became the firstborn Son of God in resurrection because in His resurrection something amazing happened to His humanity, including His body of flesh, including His soul, all of His human virtues. He became the Son of God, now, with His humanity as well as with His divinity. This does not affect the Godhead. This is something in God’s economy to produce the many sons consisting of male and female believers at present, in resurrection that distinction is gone (not doing that in this age). These will compose the New Jerusalem, who will be the wife, who will match the firstborn Son of God, in every way except for the Godhead. One of the central chapters, the last twenty verses or so of Acts 13 is of a great importance. There Paul is preaching and often he begins his message from referring to the Old Testament Scriptures. “I am announcing the gospel promised to the fathers.” And I am very thankful for the scriptural references in the columns of the Recovery Version, because Paul is referring to 2 Samuel 7. When Br. Lee was at the Life-study of first and second Samuel, he gave 6 or 7 messages on this. David wanted to build the house for God. And the prophet’s response was, Do what is in your heart, this is very good. Then God said [through the prophet], You will not build Me a house...your descendent will build Me a house, and he will be My son and his kingdom will be established forever.” So here we have, to be precise, a prophecy through typology. So literally, historically, the seed, the descendant, will be Solomon. And Solomon will build the temple and the reign of Solomon typifies the millennial kingdom. So referring to the house, the son, this is the typology. But embedded in this typology is a prophecy that the Son of David mentioned in Romans 1:3 will come forth and He will be the Christ, He will be the Lord, He will become the firstborn Son of God. So Paul is about to announce the fulfillment of for this prophecy in typology. “Christ who I proclaim to you through this gospel is the fulfillment of for this prophecy through typology.” Then he went on to link Christ’s resurrection with a verse that he quotes from Psa. 2. “You are My son. This day, I have begotten you.” And Paul’s realization was, “this day” refers to the day of His resurrection. And the word begotten indicates that through this process of resurrection, God begot Christ to be His Son in a second way. In the Godhead, unchanging, immutable, He remains forever the only begotten Son who has no brothers. Hence God can have no sons. But, the only begotten Son was sent by God to be the God-man in incarnation. Now, there is humanity, there is the flesh, not with sin in it. The Bible is very precise. John 1:14. The word became flesh. Meaning, humanity as created by God. Rom. 8:3...in the likeness of sin. So don’t ever say Christ came in the likeness of flesh. That makes you...agnostic, denying His incarnation. If you say Christ became flesh of sin, it is another heresy...making Him not able to die for anyone but Himself. When He resurrected and was begotten, His humanity was uplifted to the divine sonship, deified, sonized. So He is the Son of God with His humanity as well as His divinity. Then a little offshoot here. When He was in the stage of incarnation, like us, He was restricted by space and time. The Lord was in one place. Judea...But He was resurrected with a body. We should never forget that. And this body has flesh and bones. That is Luke. Yet on the other hand, it is pneumatic, spiritual body. And with this body, the resurrected Christ is omnipresent because resurrection breaks through spacetime. It breaks through these limitations. Now He is no longer limited by the body He had prior to resurrection...It seems He is not there, then He is here. Now He has the body of flesh and bones, doesn’t just walk out the door. Becomes invisible. Let’s face it. This is a mystery. Paul, with all of His remarkable intellectual capacity and all of His learning up to this point was now brought into resurrection. So he could think this too and say, Psalm 2:7, this day I have begotten you, that is the day of Christ’s resurrection. Christ was born as the firstborn Son. Then Peter tells us, see how the Bible is written? Not systematically but pieces are all over. It is a big jigsaw puzzle (100,000 pieces). [1 Pet. 1:3]. He became the firstborn. And we became the brothers. This brings us to the focus. It is on the designation of Christ’s humanity. And your reading, again your time is limited, your energy is also limited. Just read it through carefully and just absorb what you can. Don’t put this on yourself...to read everything...Just take it easy a little bit. Just do what you can in the allocated time. I am not releasing the sisters from the responsibility, but next week, the pre-lesson time will be quite different because some of the brothers are going to give us mini-messages on this. They are going to come up here...And then at least one or two; this will be open for both brothers and sisters—Aquila and Priscilla...There will be an opposer impersonated by yours truly...I think it will be refreshing, enjoyable. Now the message, it is not from the Life-study of Romans when he spoke about it first. It is not from the conference he gave in 1994. He realized that this hasn’t penetrated yet. So, in his Crystallization-study of Romans (He began in 1994), He was burdened to release this particular message on the designation of Christ’s humanity. So we need to zero in in this particularly matter. Not only He is the firstborn Son in His humanity and divinity, we need to focus on what happened to His humanity. What does it mean in Romans 1:4 that He was designated. Romans. 1:1, 3-4. He was separated unto the gospel of God, considering His Son. This is the Christ Paul announced in Acts 13. John, the apostle, emphasized the Son of God in the Godhead. John 1:18; 3:16; 1 John (He who believes that Jesus is the Son of God...). But Paul’s emphasize is as the firstborn Son of God. Please know this distinction and remember it for eternity. Just remember that the only begotten Son is for the expression of the Father and the embodiment of the eternal life. He who has the Son has the life. 1 John 5:11-12. The firstborn Son is for propagation. The one we are propagating through the gospel is the firstborn Son. The only begotten Son cannot be propagated. Right? So we are propagating the firstborn Son...I read to [my wife] from Luke 15 of a woman seeking coins. Then the Lord said there is joy...over one sinner...There is joy in heaven over one sinner who repents. “Lord, cause the angels to have more joy today.” She went on, flowing, “Cause us to have joy, cause us to be happy.”...It is central to us in two main ways: 1) propagation. We are not only saving souls that they can go to heaven, but so that they can born of God and into the family. 2) Points to what we are becoming and what we will be. Heb. 2:10. God is leading many sons into glory. And then you lead about He who sanctifies (that is Christ), and those who are sanctified (that is us), are all out of one (that is the Father)...not ashamed to call them brothers...A time is coming when you with your humanity will be designated a son of God. The overcomers, when they are here on the earth as co-kings...But you won’t have to show your ID card. It will be quite obvious. With your humanity designated, you will just be a [glory] person. Now you go to Starbucks, Yogurt land...if you say, “I am a son of God,” then they say, “I am calling 911.”

	I.	Christ’s two natures:
	A.	[Transformation.] His entire humanity.
	1.	After the Lord had been questioned repeated by those who thought they could trap Him, He asked them a question: “What do you think concerning the Christ? Whose Son is He?” “David’s son.” “Why did David call Him Lord?” The seed of David became the Lord of heaven and earth as the glorified God-man. So we need to be clear about this. There is a genealogy leading up to this verse. And Br. Lee’s study of genealogy, this is one of the things he presented during his interview for citizenship, to show what he had to offer. They were just amazed...The Lord descended all the way and was born as a God-man.
	2.	And that humanity was typified by the bronze serpent. So only God can write the Bible. There He is, in the likeness of the flesh of sin.
	3.	So we need to understand Christ’s humanity. In the book, where Br. Lee covers incarnation, there is a diagram somewhat like an oval. But the top section is a dotted line, separating the top section from the bottom section (flesh of sin). The top typifies Christ in the likeness of flesh of sin. So He had a human body in a pre-fallen condition, whatever that was like. And it is because of His likeness that eventually He could replace us so that when He was dying on the cross in the last three hours, God actually did not see His Son. He saw a serpent, dying in place of all of us serpentine being. Because He was in the likeness of flesh of sin. Then according to 2 Cor. 5:20 or so, God made Him to be sin, not causing to have the element of sin, but regarding Him a sin. Then a full fury of God’s righteous judgment falls on Him...Satan was outsmarted. He thought, when he injected himself into humanity that was it, “I ruined them all.” And he thought when he had Christ crucified, that ended everything. Then he realized, because Christ was dying to fulfill the type...he, the devil was being crucified...Christ stripped them off and triumphed over them. Marvelous.
	4.	He had flesh but there was no sin in that flesh. But that likeness of flesh enabled Him to deal with sin, Satan, and [world] in one time.
	B.	
	1.	So don’t think that the Spirit of holiness equals the Holy Spirit. And then in your presentation you reverse (“He is born of the Holy Spirit, but here, the Spirit of holiness is not referring to the person of the Spirit but the essence of divinity, the Spirit of holiness.”). Paul was very exact. And we will see in the next...It was in this Spirit of holiness that He was designated. The Spirit of holiness permeated, saturated, sonized, deified Christ’s humanity including His body, His flesh. And that issued in a designation. Now it is manifested. See what it is. As a man, a God-man, His body, His entire being is divine. And God is expressed in glory through that humanity. In incarnation He became divinely human. In resurrection, He became humanly divine because His humanity was divinized.
	2.	That was in power, the power of His resurrection.
	3.	And out of the resurrection, meaning the source, that is the Triune God embodied in Christ, now we go to 1 Pet. 3:18.
	II.	While the Lord was on the cross, He was being put to death in the flesh. He was dying. But deep in His being, He was being made alive in the Spirit. That is, the Spirit of holiness. So He is being energized, empowered by it, to the point that, verse 9, in which, in this Spirit, that made Him so living, also He went and proclaimed to the spirits in prison. He descended into the realm of death, into Hades generally, then into the abyss, mentioned in Romans 10, the deepest part. And there were spirits that were angels, whose sins were so outrageous, might have been the sin...to produce the Nephilims, that they were bound and put there in prison. The Lord went there and proclaimed. No, He is not announcing the gospel. He is proclaiming His victory. Something like this I believe, “I am here, visiting you, soon I will walk out with the keys of this place and the keys of death, I just want to let you know that I just destroyed your boss and all the other principalities and powers. You have no hope. I, the man, Jesus the Nazarene, I’ve destroyed your commander in chief.” This is me now, “Whom you foolishly followed in rebellion.” This shows the power of the Spirit of holiness. This is what enabled Him to enter into death, take a tour of everything, proclaim His victory, then He didn’t have to struggle. He said, “I am leaving now, give Me the keys...I am the Lord over death...I will control this, not you.” Verse 18, we see connection between this and Romans 1:4. The Spirit...immediately energized. Only God and the Son know, that is the Spirit...designating in humanity.
	A.	
	B.	
	C.	...made adjustments. We need to understand this.
	III.	As we are being saved much more...we will be renewed, transformed, conformed, and consummately glorified. So Christ will come from two directions when He returns. Outwardly He will come with the glory of the angels with His overcomers, visibly. On the other hand, based on Colossians 1:27, He will come out from within us. 2 Thes, “He will come to be glorified in His saints.” We don’t know how this will happen. But right now we are living in Col. 1:27. This is the mystery. “Christ in you, the hope of glory.” Then when the process is completed, we know from Romans 8, the full sonship equals the glorification of the body. That will be your designation. We will still have our identity...we will have a new name. I won’t know yours. You won’t know mine because it is the interpretation of your life with the Lord. But we will say, “Yes, we had this class on October 8th, 2019, now we are all designated!” What a glorious time it will be!
	A.	So, a common view of resurrection is Christ resurrected with a body...then He ascended. So there is no connection between Christ’s resurrection and God’s eternal purpose to have many sons. Romans 8:28. Then they don’t see the word ‘purpose’ is defined by the next verse, “Predestinated, sonship...He might be the firstborn among many brothers.” That is why we need to see the intrinsic significance...
	B.	“Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father.” So His body was brought into the glory of divinity. Philippians 3. “Our commonwealth exists in the heavens...to Himself.” The other day, for our health, stamina...we went to exercise...I am watching all these young adults. And of course this is my view, not a divine utterance...But actually there should be ten times more older people here. But as I mentioned before, I am exercising to stay alive. They are exercising out of narcissism. What is the point? Well, eventually, they will age. And they will say, “My body is a body of humiliation.” There was a time, this woman, Elizabeth Taylor...truly the most beautiful woman in the world (in the 50s). But eventually that didn’t remain. But we are going to be conformed to the body of His glory. I am not saying don’t take care of skin, don’t exercise. But we need to have this view even of our physical body. Romans 8:11. The Spirit of the one who raised Jesus...gives life. 1 Corinthians, The body is for the Lord and the Lord for the body. Last night we prayed for my wife’s father (mid 80s)...Also this is a sidebar...And so, this was a designation, saturated by the Spirit of holiness...At that point was the designation, “You are the Son, this is the Son of God...” This is the fulfillment of Psalm 2:7.
	1.	
	2.	We are in the process. Little by little we are realizing the power of resurrection. Next to God, death is the strongest force in the universe. But resurrection life conquers death. The power. Nothing can withstand the power of Christ’s resurrection. I’d like to echo Paul. “Lord, I want to know the power of Your resurrection...experientially.” Then out of resurrection, that is the source, which is the Triune God embodied in Christ to be the Son of God.
	3.	^
	4.	^ Another sidebar concerning the relationship between truth and life. Life is the content of truth. And truth is conveys life. They are inseparable. Hence, we cannot have life apart from the truth. So the more truth we have, the more we have the life embodied in that truth. That is why the first thing Br. Lee mentioned in the new revival is the high peak of the divine revelation. How can this bring in the revival? Well, this truth is wrought into you, the life in that truth is [worked out] in you...So this truth, concerning the designation in His humanity, is not just doctrine. It becomes our constitution. It facilitates, it helps to work out the process of our designation...
	5.	
	a)	
	b)	I would like to read that verse. There will be a time in your life, humanly and spiritually, where you will inwardly need these two verses. “And we know.” Not hope, think, or believe. Rom. 8:28. “All things work together for good.” Not all things are good. What is this purpose? To produce many sons...consummating in the wife, the New Jerusalem. Conformation is beyond transformation. It is the solidification of the inward transformation of your soul. You are expressing Christ. This is God’s purpose. And many of the things that happened...I have no answer when a twelve year old brother was killed. That was 38 years ago. No answer. We can ask why. We can’t avoid it. But I believe this word. Actually I know it is true. “...for good.” The “good” is defined in verse 29. That is the goal. And we who have consecrated our lives to the Lord with response to His love...we have chosen the constricted way. We have abandoned the broad, unrestricted way. So we have deliberately chosen, like Moses, “I give up Egypt.” He could have been Pharaoh. What kind of genius was he? But he said, “I am not an Egyptian, but an Israelite.”...I don’t [worry] about what is coming. I am [only concerned] for who is coming.
	6.	I don’t know how your mind operates. And some just, we just have to think about details. Not to play. Just to ponder. Look, you were born in probably in the 90s, right? I was born a long ahead of that. How is it that we were regenerated at the same time before we were born? How can we say that our old man was crucified with Him? It is because God transcends time. And this is not simply an extract thought. This is divine reality. All of us in this room, all of us in the Lord’s recovery, all the believers on the earth, all the believers throughout the ages, we were all born of God in the same time. We were all crucified at the same time, we were all resurrected at the same time. Now, you are not really sitting on your chair. You are seated in the heavenlies with Christ. Now, to top it off...John sees the holy city, the new heaven, the earth...I want the churches to know how this ends. The devil ends up in the lake of fire. Demon, sin, every negative thing will be in the lake of fire. You will end up in the New Jerusalem. This is the end of story. When we touch the resurrection life in us, we transcend time. Look up, when you have the opportunity and the liberty, in the CWWN, The Resurrection, the Holy Spirit, and the Church, the most profound thing I’ve ever read on the power of resurrection breaking through space and time.
	IV.	This is unchanging...I am living out Colossians 2:2. The Lord has given me the full assurance of understanding. I am not following blindly. My spirit knows this is trustworthy...I pray about it, fellowship about it, I search the Scriptures like the Bereans that had the assurance. This becomes a part of our being. Then our mind is released from the snare of systematizing...
	A.	
	1.	
	2.	
	3.	
	B.	
	1.	When the Lord came the first time, He came as the only begotten Son. Hebrews 1:6. When Christ returns, He will not be coming as the only begotten Son. He made it very clear to the high priests and scribes questioning Him that the Son of Man will come in glory. The fact that the firstborn will come indicates the many brothers, the overcomers, the wife, the warrior wife, will be with Him.
	2.	When Stephen was being stoned to death, he said, “I see heaven open and the Son of Man standing at the right hand of God.” He will always be our Husband. He will always be the firstborn Son of God. In the Godhead He remains the only begotten Son. But in our eternal marriage, He is our Husband, divinely human, humanly divine, and we are His wife, humanly divine and divinely human. What did Jesus see? He saw Himself living out again because the way He prayed on the cross, Stephen prayed. “Lord, do not hold this against them...receive my spirit.”
	3.	...I am just going to proclaim, praise the Lord, we are all bound for designation. How do we know when to stop? The Lord Spirit may announce, “We’ve all arrived at designation.” Until then, let’s enjoy this train ride together.

10/8/2019
Reading:
Rom. 1:3-4 — Concerning His Son, who came out of the seed of David according to the flesh, who was designated the Son of God in power according to the Spirit of holiness out of the resurrection of the dead, Jesus Christ our Lord;
8:29 — Because those whom He foreknew, He also predestinated to be conformed to the image of His Son, that He might be the Firstborn among many brothers;
8:19 — For the anxious watching of the creation eagerly awaits the revelation of the sons of God.
2:10-12 — For it was fitting for Him, for whom are all things and through whom are all things, in leading many sons into glory, to make the Author of their salvation perfect through sufferings. For both He who sanctifies and those who are being sanctified are all of One, for which cause He is not ashamed to call them brothers, saying, “I will declare Your name to My brothers; in the midst of the church I will sing hymns of praise to You.”
1:6 — And when He brings again the Firstborn into the inhabited earth, He says, “And let all the angels of God worship Him.”
1 Pet. 3:18 — For Christ also has suffered once for sins, the Righteous on behalf of the unrighteous, that He might bring you to God, on the one hand being put to death in the flesh, but on the other, made alive in the Spirit;
18 For Christ also has suffered once for sins, the Righteous on behalf of the unrighteous, that He might bring you to God, on the one hand being put to death in the flesh, but on the other, made alive in the Spirit;
19 In which also He went and proclaimed to the spirits in prison,
Who had formerly disobeyed when the long-suffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was being prepared; entering into which, a few, that is, eight souls, were brought safely through by water.

And He said to them, Truly I say to you, there are some of those standing here who shall by no means taste death until they see the kingdom of God having come in power.
11/11/2019
RKangas
When the Lord Jesus began His public ministry…with Him, His work, and living and moving are all one thing. His person and His work are inseparable. They are distinct like the Father and the Son in the Godhead but they are inseparable. Because His work is the expression of His person, His working is His living, His living is His moving. So it is not that He would get up at a certain time and, “Now I start serving…”…He, in His living, and His working, and His moving, were one. So when we study what is revealed concerning His person and His work, it is helpful if we focus on one—His person—and on the other—His work. But the work of the Lord is always an expression of His person, being, life. For instance, when He was on a journey and a man with leprosy approached Him and asked Him to heal him, the Lord didn’t just speak a word…He touched him. That is contrary to the regulations in Leviticus. You just consider this matter of the Lord Jesus not just doing things for you but He touches you. That communicates a lot about His being…Just this shows the affection, love, compassion, concern for the suffering people. So His person is the source of His work and is expressed in His work. And His work / ministry is inseparable from His person because what He does and teaches is the manifestation of what He is. And if we go even deeper into some of HIs teachings like in Matthew 5—7 and He says blessed are the poor in spirit, pure in heart, those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, in a very real sense, He is revealing Himself. Who is like this? What person ever lived like this? So He is speaking to us, His members, the kingdom people, what we should be—but if we have the full light, we realize we can’t be that we can’t do that. My point is that even in His teaching He is manifesting His person. So when He came down, people were awed concerning Him—they said He teaches with authority, not as one of the scribes. So the people had this distinction, this discernment. “We’ve been under a lot of teaching but this has authority.” Well, I pointed out before, the Greek word for authority is ek-ousia. Ousia means “being” in an invisible sense. And Ek is out from. So only God has authority because it flows out from Him. It is in His being. So once again the Lord is manifesting His person, in His teaching, healing, ministry and everything. So I was very thankful when I had a very brief exchange with Roger so I could enter into what he emphasized and what you may want to share. I was thankful that he matched the person with the work in this aspect of His ministry.

Sharing

Now, some crucial aspects of the heavenly ministry of Christ. And the reading assignment for next week, which has been distributed to you, is the Life-study of Psalms, which is one of the highest revelations of Christ in the Old Testament, and then in the Life-study of Luke, after Br. Lee conducted the training and gave thirty messages during that training, as he often practiced, he was burdened to give many supplementary messages. And there were some on Christ’s ministry in His ascension. And I  believe it is in this reading assignment you will come to a crucial matter that connects Christ’s heavenly ministry and our particular situations and circumstances, whatever they are…One the one hand, Christ as the High Priest is touched with the feeling of our infirmities, He is interceding for us without ceasing, He is able to save us to the uttermost. And He is determined to do this and will do this. So He cares for us with profound love, tenderness, compassion, understanding…but we are not the center. We personally are not the center of this. The Lord in His heavenly ministry is continuing to carry out God’s eternal purpose. And as God, He can take care of all of us in every situation and listen to us contacting Him at the same time. And as man He is able to sympathize with our situation. But once we begin to appreciate more and more Christ’s heavenly ministry, eventually we will see that, yes, the Lord is shepherding you in the heavens. He is interceding for you. He is ministering the heavenly supply into you. But He is doing this according to God and His will, not according to your expectations. In other words, what He does and the way He does it may not be what you expect. This doesn’t mean that in your prayers you don’t sincerely [ask for] what is in your heart. Don’t hold back. Whatever you want Him to do, you ask Him to do. This is a child coming to one’s Father and just asking. This is precious. This should not cease. At the same time you need to realize that the Lord’s caring of you and your situation is in the context of the Body, the new man, the kingdom, the bride. So He is caring for each one of us specifically. But He is doing this with the view of the ultimate goal, His wife, the New Jerusalem. So because of that, certain prayers that we offer, the Lord understands why we would offer it. But He won’t answer that prayer the way that is expressed. And just a brief example…in two parts, meaning two aspects. Many years ago, more than 35 years ago, we were praying in an English language prayer meeting in Anaheim. There was an elder brother critically ill…We didn’t want him to pass away now. We felt he had many more years. I remember, as we were praying, one brother prayed, “Lord, we know that You have a will, but we also have a desire.” So this opened the way for us to pray in a two-fold manner. “We have a desire…that You would intervene and stop the progress of this illness and extend His life.” How can we expect anything other than that. “While we are praying this, we acknowledge Your lordship, sovereignty…Simultaneously we are honoring your will.” This may open the way for you to communicate with God the Father in your situation. Recently, a faithful brother…advanced in age. Before we prayed, the brothers said, what was in this brother’s heart was to give him five more years to finish the translation…Almost all the saints strongly entered into that prayer. But I could not enter into that prayer. I didn’t oppose it. But I couldn’t enter into it because as someone who has been serving the Lord and under His discipline very much, I have a loving concern for anyone who might be nearing the end of the course. The Lord’s person is far more important than our work. And so especially as we are drawing to the end to say, “Lord, let me stay here to do this,” is understandable. That desire should be expressed. We sympathize with it. But we still have to remember, we are conversing with God, with the Lord. And suppose the Lord has a different intention. And what’s in my heart, “Lord, enable this brother and all of us with an outward love for [You].” “Lord, I would like to do more, but I leave that to You. You are the love of my life, my first love.” So the reading assignment has been longer than most but it is not quite as mysterious as the high peak ministry so you should be able to absorb it. Read it in two levels. In the way to get the view of the whole. Especially, Psalm 110 and Luke. Then as you are reading, just be opened for the Lord to impress you with a particular matter.

I.
Now we come to Psalm 110. And this psalm is quoted many times in the New Testament. And is referred to even more times. “Sit at My right hand.” This is a some kind of metaphor. So I appreciate the brother speaking of the verse, “higher than the heavens.” Heavens refer to a location. But God is higher than the heavens. To be in the heavens is to be in the location. To be in the heavenlies is to be at ascension. To be at the right hand of God is to be at the highest position in the universe. But the verse says, “sit at My right hand.” Christ’s ascension is secondarily a matter of place, a realm. It is primarily a matter of a person. Ascended to be in a person—God Himself. This somewhat parallels to Philippians 2…God exalted…and gave Him name. So now there is a man in God. And to Him all authority in heaven and on earth is given. Matt. 28:18-19. Christ as God always had this authority. Now as a man He has this authority. And He returned to the Godhead as the God-man. He didn’t put off His humanity. He is at the right hand to execute God’s administration. Did you notice the emphasis in this short psalm? The enemies. There are enemies still active in the universe. Christ defeated them. But the execution is something that will be carried out by Christ through the church. And in first Corinthians 15, about in the middle of the chapter we speak of Christ’s position, and He must rule until all the enemies have been defeated. This is a primary activity especially in the age in which we are living…the rebellion, unrighteousness, the lack of justice. So He is executing this authority in His heavenly ministry in His ascension until all the enemies are subdued. He can put His feet on them as a footstool. “…Rule in the midst of Your enemies.” So the Lord intends to uplift the prayer ministry of the church corporately to conquer the chaos, to bring the divine economy into the chaos and conquer it. So the chaos ain’t going nowhere…But the Lord wants to rule in the midst of that chaos. So you have a response, a voluntary offering in the day of warfare…This is the unique work—to be one with this heavenly Christ, to deal with His enemies. So we are like young men and women. There is no draft…Let’s say, we declare war, many will volunteer. So this is a voluntary offering. In the day of warfare. So this needs to be thoughtful. This needs to be considered. That is why in 1968, I was still in my 20s, when I read the Glorious Church, and read that chapter on the Work of God, I didn’t have this verse from Psalm 110 in mind. But I had a real transaction with the Lord, “I choose to participate in this work.” It is not a consecration to live a happy life…church life in Maui, you go surfing, fishing…now you are on your way to becoming lukewarm. You just realize this is what is going on before the Lord can return to the earth with His warrior wife, He needs to raise up…among the churches…Young men—spiritually strong believers…they are of army age. And then, “Shatter the kings, execute judgment among the nations.” To some extent the Lord needs to do this. When in response to the prayer of the brothers concerning Russian speaking world, God shattered the Soviet Union. My wife, Tanya…woke up one day and…So there, the Lord is very active in this. And He will shatter the head over the great land ultimately in Armageddon. In verse 7, “He will drink the brook by the way.” And the brook is in your spirit, that you will be a refreshment to Him. And He will lift up His head because there is a human side to this. This psalm is so profound, it is inexhaustible. So have your first run through it and just enjoy it…

II.
That is how Ephesians chapter 1 ends. You have Christ resurrected, ascended with the fourfold power. The Lord made Him Head over all things to the church. Now it is pointless for you to inwardly become conscious of what the Lord is doing in the heavens right now. The Lord will make you aware of this through transmission. So what is being decided on the thrown by God in Christ, the Son of Man, the Lord of heaven and earth, needs to be carried out on earth. This involves the principle of prayer. The principle of prayer is that in this age God is no longer acting unilaterally, that is, all by Himself. He doesn’t say, “I’m God, I think I will change the government of Iran today and open it up for the white horse of the gospel….” No, and I do believe He wants to open up Iran. I do believe He wants to open up Cuba…North Korea. But He won’t just do it as God. So He established the principle prayer—God wants to do something. But in this age He will not do it alone. He needs to agreement and cooperation of the church, of His people, so He then transmits it, makes it known through the intuition of the spirits of the saints so that they have some grasp of what the Lord wants to do. And this is the Lord’s desire. Then it becomes their desire. The Lord wants it, we want it because all genuine prayer has its source, you have to want it…otherwise you forget about it…You can’t help but bring it again and again. “If My words abide in you…ask whatever you will.” We abide in the Lord, His word abide is us, make known His desire, His desire becomes our desire, then we pray to Him, then He fulfills His desire by fulfilling our desire, which is the expression in His desire. He makes it known to us, we pray it back, and then He does it. Some brothers had the sense that the Lord wanted to open the Russian speaking world. So they prayed diligently, faithfully. I don’t know if we will ever have a blessed opportunity to receive a fellowship from Joel Cannon, a faithful coworker in Seattle. But there is a portion there in this kind of prayer ministry…that we need to learn from…Otherwise we will just have to rely upon the printed ministry. So one brother mentioned the pum-pum-pum. That is where it comes from, the energy comes from. Here you are in a situation arranged by the Lord. And so the ministry in heaven is alert, fully aware of what you need, fully conscious of what the will of God is. Saints somewhere are praying. There is a mother, a pneumatic mom, sitting on the couch, reading for the 47th time…while she is reading, the transmission comes. After she reads it, she is praying for a certain situation somewhere. Sisters are really good at doing this. We really need this prayer ministry. So it is by the transmission that we participate. And I just add this, a kind of P.S…whatever the Lord requires of the you, whatever circumstances He arranges for you, He will supply you in that situation. So some ask, Why in your age you travel so much?…There have been and will be an adjustment. But my testimony is, whatever the arrangement is, He supplies…this watchful One is fully aware of the situation and there is the transmission into our spirit through the church.

III.
And we read that in Psalm 110. There is the prophecy. And Hebrews emphasizes this priesthood. And the writer, Paul, is trying to help the Jewish believers a radical turn. “You have been going to the temple, offering up the animal sacrifices, and the high priest according to the order or Aaron offers these to God. All of that is over. The entire dispensation of the Old Testament is over.” Instead of sacrifices, there is Christ as the reality of the offerings…there his the priesthood according to the order of Melchizedek. So he is calling them out…to continue meeting with the church. So Christ in His ministry on earth climaxing with His death, He consummated the aaronic priesthood. That is the priesthood bringing the needs of God’s people to God and caring for these needs by offering the sacrifices so that God could forgive them. So when Christ was on the cross, He offered Himself as the sin offering. In so doing, He was the Priest offering Himself as the offering for our redemption. But then after His resurrection and in His ascension, He became the High Priest in another way. The order of Melchizedek. Now we need to make a quick visit to Genesis 14. Abraham found out that Lot and others, their possessions have been taken by the enemy…recovered everything. Then a person appeared, a mysterious person, named Melchizedek. A priest, king of Salem. No one knows where he came from. He was a priest. And he ministered to Abraham bread and wine. So this high priest has been praying. That is why Abraham could be fighting and be victorious. Now this one came to minister bread and wine. We need to trace that into the gospels where the Lord established the table with the bread and cup, “Do this in remembrance of Me until I come.” So Melchizedek is not the high priest praying for our redemption. That has been accomplished. He is now ministering to bring the supply, the bread and the wine to us who are on this earth carrying out His purpose and fighting spiritual warfare. Genesis 14 is the first mention of the priest. So there is the principle of first mention in the Bible. The principle is that the first mention establishes the principle of that. So it is not offering sacrifices like Aaron. It is Melchizedek. So this is the eternal priesthood, forever. And Christ is now this High Priest according to the order of Melchizedek. He is this Priest in His divinity with His humanity. And when this begins to dawn on us, this will be wonderful supply to you, that on the one hand, we know from the verses that you shared with us, He is interceding for us to be saved to the uttermost. And He is the heavenly Minister, ministering the heavenly atmosphere and supply to us. But the center, according to the Hebrews, of His heavenly ministry, is the High Priest according to the order of Melchizedek. This is mentioned, I say again, Psalm 110, which is the revelation of Christ in ascension with an emphasis on war. So please remember that Melchizedek did not just come to any one who was a believer that time. He came to the fighters. And before He came to them, He prayed for them to enable them to fight and be victorious. So you will find, in your personal life, church life. Maybe not this week, but I believe in the near future, that at the end of a day, or at the end of a certain event—gospel trip…—Melchizedek comes to you. He doesn’t say anything. But He says, “I’ve been praying all along…let me serve you, let me minister Myself as the processed and consummated Triune God as your food and wine. The bread will nourish you. The wine—Psalm 104—makes glad the human heart.” He wants to enrich you with His life supply. He wants to bring joy to your heart, this wine. This is the Melchizedek.

IV.
I want to preface my comment on this section with this. Christ is in ascension with His glorified resurrection body. And I am now just asserting a feeble thought of Ron Kangas. At the end of Luke and beginning of Acts, the disciples are watching Him ascend. And Luke 24 says, while He is ascending, He is blessing them. Then in Acts they are watching Him and the cloud appears. And the cloud conveys Him to the right hand of God…I think we should think something through as much as we can and we know when to stop. I don’t think there was some kind of super spaceship going 10 times the speed of light…I believe it is beyond space-time that the Lord broke through the fabric of space-time into a realm above it…You just do with that thought, whatever it is. Don’t let distract you. But I would like to love the Lord with my mind. With our heart, soul, mind, physical strength. One way to with mind is to think through with the word. Not to come off with goofy ideas. I don’t think my idea is goofy. It may be way off. Stephen didn’t just saw in the sky…the fabric was opened. He could see beyond space and time. There he was, the Son of Man…We can’t locate, but it is real. At the same time, He is in our spirit in His ascension. And He is in and among the church in His ascension. And sooner or later you will personally sense this. Rather mysterious…you are alone with the Lord. You just have a sense the Lord has brought the heaven into you. It may only last 3 or 4 minutes. This is the ascended Christ, Christ in His ascension, bringing the ascension and the reality of the heavenlies into you.

And then in Revelation 1, we know from chapter 5 verse 6, the Lamb is one throne. And we know from the ministry, the subject of Revelation, I read it, is Christ as the center of God’s administration according to God’s eternal economy. So the subject is not locusts. It is not a dragon. It is not beasts. It is not frogs. It is Christ as the center of God’s administration according to God’s eternal economy. So the Christ who is on the throne, chapter 5 verse 6, the Lamb, who is also the Lion, He can open the scroll, that is, He can execute, carry out, God’s administration. But in chapter 1, John sees Him in the midst of the golden lampstand. I know we are familiar…but I would like to read it again. Verse 13 and following. “And in the midst of the lampstands, one like the Son of Man…shine in its power.” The apostle John was the one leaning on the Lord’s breast. Very intimate with Him. Even Peter motioned to John about a matter at the final feast. We know from the gospel how profound was his experience. How he was broadened…mature to the uttermost. But this apostle saw the Lord whom he loved in a totally different way. “And when I saw Him, I fell at His feet as dead.” The Lord can’t deny what He is. When He appears in His administration, He appears as He is. When He comes back, the whole world will see Him as what He is—the Sun of righteousness…There has to be at least one time, in our life with the Lord, where we fall at His feet…one with authority, carrying out God’s administration. And anyone bearing responsibility in the church needs to meet Him…

He is coming to administrate. And He will speak to all the churches and knows exactly what they need. But He is there with the priestly garment, golden girdle, to cherish, to nourish, to supply. When you become aware of a situation in the church or a problem or a difficulty or a mistake, don’t overreach your position. Don’t go online and talk about it. Bring it to the Lord…in a sincere prayer…the Lord will take care of all His churches. He will come and execute His administration. So we’ve seen this in our history…faithful elders did not [lead the saints astray]. The Lord came into that situation and allow the faithful ones to continue meeting as the church in Toronto in fellowship with the Body. The rest went into another direction. This is not a human intervention. But at the same time, He is trimming the golden lampstands. So the wick, it is burned up, so there is a long, black wick. So He trims it. He puts it into a golden container. And He will pour a new oil…and this He will do this us. Br. Lee was 90+, close to 92. He was new, fresh, vital, vigorous, in resurrection, all the time. He never got old. And I am going to follow him and learn of him. I am not going to get old. Maybe mathematically, physically, okay. But that is outward…You are going to be new and invigorated. So the one who is the Administrator, with the authority, who is awesome…I want to minister something through you. But John, you need to be the first one to realize who I am and what I am and what I am doing in My ascension.

11/11/2019
Prophecy:
Ephesians 1:10 tells us that God’s economy of the fullness of the times, which is according to His will, is to head up all things in Christ. For this goal, in verses 22 and 23, God gave Christ as Head over all things to the church, which is His Body. However, as Hebrews 2:8-9 says, “…Now we do not yet see all things subjected to Him. But we see Jesus, who was made a little inferior to the angels because of the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honor.” This Jesus, who passed through incarnation, crucifixion, and resurrection, is now a man in ascension, a man in God, our great High Priest who sat down on the right hand of the Majesty in the heavens. Hence, our response should be not to look at our situations and circumstances, but to look away unto this wonderful Jesus, thereby receiving His divine transmission in His heavenly ministry. This is our being headed up in Christ as His Body. Then through His Body Christ will head up all things in Himself by the revelation of the sons of God. This is to the praise of the glory of the grace of God and His enemies are finally made the footstool for His feet! 
10/29/2019
RGood
127
I like to try to figure out some kind of logic (in an outline). So put these first four together: The Son of Man (just like us) sitting on the throne of God in the heavens. He is at the right hand of God. Right hand—carrying out what we desire. He is the means for God to carry out His economy. Crowned with glory and honor. And He is enthroned. He is enthroned to be the Ruler of the kings of the earth. I’ve been touched more than once, Isaiah’s testimony. “On the year that King Uzaiah died (one of the better kings till he got out of his lane). Isaiah was depressed when he died because he had hopes in earthly king. We can be the same...Jehovah showed him a vision of the Son of Man sitting on the throne. There is a man on the throne. He is the Ruler of the kings of the earth. Kings comes and go. But He is the constant. He is also the Leader and Savior. V-IX...X. The name is His person. He is ‘the person’ for the one new man. He is the Head of the Body. And He is the person of the one new man. When we say, “Lord Jesus,” if you tie that to Romans 10...He is quoting from the book of Joel. “Whoever calls upon the name of Jehovah.” We are not just saying He is the boss. We are also saying that Jesus is Jehovah! We say Jesus is Lord. Jesus is Jehovah. He is not only the Lord, He is the I am, Jehovah...He is not only the lawyer but also the comforter. These last three points relate to the tabernacle. This word reality, or ‘true,’ the significance of this word...The New Testament was written after all of these Greek philosophers and people have considered a lot of o philosophical concepts. One of the concept they considered is truth. What is reality? Aletheia. ‘A.’ Not. Greeks weren’t sure what truth was. But they knew what it wasn’t. Letheia (from to escape from, disappear, forget). Things that don’t disappear, that is reality. This water...the chair that you are sitting in, is that real chair? It can disappear. In the universe there is a reality. Something that doesn’t disappear. All the physical material things that we see are picture of the reality. When Moses was instructed to build the tabernacle...where did the pattern come from? There is the real, true tabernacle, invisible, probably. We have lots of problems. We need God. But God has problems and He needs us. There is the physical, visible tabernacle...that is just a picture of the heavenly tabernacle. Christ is the minister of this true tabernacle and He is the High Priest and the propitiation cover...He was the sacrifice for propitiation. He was the one carrying out the propitiation. Then you got a place where God and man can meet into the true heavenly tabernacle. Hilaskomai, hilasmos, hilasterion. Hilarious. God loves a ‘cheerful’ giver. Hilarious. Propitiation brings about this reconciliation that is just woohoo!

Br. Lee’s favorite training was Hebrews training. It was given in Anaheim Convention Center. Hebrews was talking about Christ’s heavenly ministry. One of the thing Br. Lee talked about is “pum, pum, pum.” The Lord within us is operating. We all had this experience. The Lord within is just pum, pum, pum, operating. Pum, pum pu-pum. There is an energizing...we need to know this pum, pum, pum. This is the Christian life. It is not our natural ability. If you carry out by your natural ability, you will be exhausted. The training is not designed for you. When I was in the training in Taiwan, they asked us to write something, I wrote, “this is a dreadful place.” I was playing on the Hebrew. Jacob says, “This is a [Yarheh]...” Terrible. This is a terrible place! In the Recovery Version we translate, “This is awesome place!” In English, especially in your generation...but older generation, the word ‘awesome has different connotation. To you, it is ‘cool.’ But in older generation, it is, woah, this is...awesome. Invoking an awe. Certainly, the training, to our natural man, to our flesh, it is a terrible place. But our spirit loves the training. If you make it to make it through the training without the pum, pum, pum, the training has failed you. You should get your money back. But it is designed that you can’t make it. ”Lord, I can’t make it, take it, fake it, I need You...” I had to go 180 degrees and stop my being and go, “O Lord.” And as you contact the Lord, then there is something rising up. This pum, pum, pum, energizing...it is the heavenly Christ, the ascended Christ transmitting Himself into us to energize us to operate within us, like the electricity. We contact Him in His ascension. This is the ascended Christ operating. Stephen, when he was being stoned, he saw the heavens opened and the Son of Man...Where is the Son of Man? The third heaven. Where is the third heaven? Stephen didn’t have such a good eye sight to see light years away...The Lord as the Son of Man with His physical body is in another realm, not even in the realm of time and space. So He can just give you a revelation of...It is a completely different realm. Christ is in ascension as the Son of Man somewhere outside of realm of time and space. He is transmitting to us...transmitted to us. So we need to let this one operate, enliven, energize us...Actually there is the difference between dispensing and transmitting. Dispensing—the Lord’s table meeting. He is dispensing Himself as food and drink to us. But He is also transmitting...the pum, pum, pum.

You look at kings of the earth. Basically, every dictator that has come to the earth, like Hitler...he wanted a thousand year reign. But what happened? The Ruler of the kings of the earth...pop. Also Mussolini...and then Napoleon. He said at the end, “Jesus, You’ve won.” He and Alexander tried to conquer through sword but Jesus conquered through love...Earth is the Lord’s. It belongs to this man.

Let’s see if we can match this up.

I.
When the Lord ascended, He led with Him a train of vanquished foes. All of us are gifts to the Body. Then the Lord gives us the leaders as gifts to the church. Each one of us is a gift to the church. Even your little finger is a gift to the Body, right? Paul had this kind of realization. These apostles, evangelists, prophets, and teachers, what are their primary function? To be apostles, evangelists, prophets, and teachers? No. Their primary function is to reproduce themselves. They need to perfect the saints. What is the goal of the training? To produce as a normal functioning member of Christ? Our goal is that you would reproduce yourself. So you need to go find a high schooler. “I wan to impart what I’ve received from the training into you.” Find a high schooler and say, “Can I teach you a Greek?” They need to raise up the members of the Body to do what they do. Br. Lee shared this. When the Lord can raise up the one talented members, then the Lord will come back. This is what the training is for. We are not making you special kind of people. You are not the clergy...but to be a normal member, reproducing...

II.
Also He poured out the Holy Spirit.
So these two matters: giving of the gift, the sending of the Spirit. He didn’t only breathe into us but clothed us for the propagation...

III-IV.
Anointed to carry this out.

V-VI.
Head

VII.
This matter of building up. Br. Lee had a change in his consideration concerning building up. [At first, “]You need to realize where you are in relation to the Body.[”] This concept caused problems. We had divisions and groups of brothers and sisters. “We are the companions,” “we are the ‘spiritual’ ones.” They had this related and “forget about everybody else.” Through our experience we realized that that consideration of building was off. Through this we realized that this is related to the growth. The more we grow, the more we are built into the Body. If you built up...you can go anywhere and fit (if you grow in life).

VIII.
Related to the bride. How does He nourish and cherish the church? He is the High Priest walking among the churches as lampstands. We function but sometimes we function in ourselves, we don’t have the supply of the oil. So the wick (only organic part of the lampstand—the stand is gold and even the oil is gold)...cough, cough, it starts smoking, wick starts burning. How does the Lord cherish us? Trims off the wick (with scissors), and pours the oil.

IX.
The Lord came to enact the better covenant, to write the law into our hearts, which is the pum, pum, pum, the way to fulfill the requirements of the law...through the operation of the Spirit of life.

X.
Sooner or later, He will [accomplish]...You will be the New Jerusalem.

XI.
You ever had this experience, you offended someone you apologize but still feel...But propitiation is woohoo! So happy to be together.

XII.
He is praying for you to be in the training...[to] stay under the divine dispensing. He is praying for us the live the heavenly life on the earth.

XIII.
You have the physical tabernacle that was built by Moses, which was according to the pattern of the real, heavenly tabernacle. But actually what is happening now is this real tabernacle that Moses produced as a physical picture also there is the reality and we are part of that reality. We are the real tabernacle. We are the real, true tabernacle. This invisible real tabernacle has now physical, visible expression. It is not just some canvas or porpoise skins in the wilderness but it is us. We are the real tabernacle of God. God wanted physical, visible expression of Himself. Who is He going to show Himself to? There are group of people called the nations called new heaven and new earth. They are not regenerated, doesn’t know God inwardly. But they are related to God through us. We are the way for God to be expressed to the nations in the new heaven and new earth. We are the moveable dwelling place. We’ve got legs. We can move. God can move among men. He is walking around through our legs...He is the minister of this true tabernacle. How can we function, how can we walk around? We need minister...He is showing us what He is, what He has accomplished...

XIV.
He is taking care of His true tabernacle. He wants to propagate...The whole situation in Syria, what was it for? We didn’t even realize this a little while after the fact that it was to bring all these Muslims and Arabs...to hear the gospel...this is the Ruler...operating.

XV.
He is the High Priest walking among the churches and doing this trimming and pouring of the oil. When we start smoking, He is able to cherish us by cutting off natural burnt butts...and give more life.

11/2/2019
Reading:
	-	Any growth that is not for the Body is not genuine.
9/24/2019
RKangas
537
539
242
Slight New Testament exploration. The crucial word is breath. Please find a verse in the New Testament that reveals something, apart from John 20:22, the tremendous effect of the Lord’s breath, the Lord’s breath. 2 Thes. 2:8. The same breath that dispenses all that the Triune God is...into us breath by breath to constitute us...will reduce the Antichrist to nothing. And we—in hope—will be with Him. Since this breath will utterly consume the most evil person that has ever roamed on the earth, it will surely have the capacity to deal with any negative thing in our being. There is nothing in us that is stronger than the breath. I find this encouraging, and kind of byproduct. A corollary of the Lord’s breath being breathed into us. This same breath, whether we ask for it to do it or not, will target this, target that. Surely the matured, overcoming bridal warrior would have experienced this...breathing the Lord, being constituted with Him. And realize that the breath that will destroy the enemy objectively, is little by little dealing with the enemy within us subjectively. Our response should be to agree with the Lord and breathe. That breath will cause Christ to increase and cause the self, peculiarity, any element, to diminish.

The person of Christ in resurrection the work of Christ in resurrection.

[Sharing]

Before we go on and as we are going on to message 6, I want to [point out] the need to understand...that governs our study of the Bible. And that is the principle of twofoldness of the divine truths. One of our opposers, when he came across some of our teaching, you could see the bias in him. And he said, “You are advocating believing contradiction.” The bias was he ascribed this principle to Br. Lee. He is thinking, “Br. Lee said this. All Chinese people indulge in oriental mysticism.” It was a British...who wrote the little booklet The twofoldness of the divine truth. He establishes many examples from the Scriptures how two aspects of the truths are presented. But never as a system. So with Christ’s resurrection, there are these two aspects. We know from Luke 24 He had a body of flesh and bones. He could be touched, He could eat broiled fish. It was a fact. He wasn’t a phantom. “I have body of flesh and bones.” We believe this. But other verses say that the Lord is the Spirit. And none of us have the sense that a being with flesh and bones is in us. But Christ is in us as the Spirit. So we teach both. But because the New Testament as the revelation of the divine economy emphasizes the Spirit for experience, we emphasize the Spirit for experience. Then natural mind that opposes sets in gear. They twist the Scripture and says, “This does not refer to Christ’s resurrection. It refers to something else.” Or they accuse us of believing contradiction...Whenever someone [systemizes the truth], certain aspects of the truth will be neglected or distorted. Natural mind wants a system, wants to put everything in order. So here comes the twofold truth and we can’t do it. I cannot explain how one person in resurrection has a body of flesh and bones and yet this person is the life-giving Spirit. Yet the Bible reveals this. And we take it at face value without trying to systematize it. Now we are going on what appear to be a very simple lesson. And repetitious. Actually...this is a very difficult outline to penetrate in its intrinsic significance. That is what we mean by a crystal, or Crystallization-studies. It is extracting from the Bible in its crystal of the crucial truths. That expression is the crystal. So when you do a Crystallization-study, you first have to identify the deepest and the most central truths and what in the depth is the intrinsic significance of this?

Let’s apply this to the Lord’s crucifixion. The apostle John was there. But as usual, it was the women who were there. When He died and when He rose...They saw 33 and a half year old man crucified as a criminal. And certain things happened in the environment. But that is it. In what way is the significance...In no way are we belittling believers. But if you ask them why Christ died, they would say He died for our sins. That is profoundly true. But someone else comes along named Paul and says our old man, the totality of our fallen being was crucified. And then John says the ruler of this world, Jesus is quoted, is judged. Heb. 2:14(?) says the devil is destroyed. Col. 2...Christ stripped them off (the principalities), put them to shame. Eph. 2, Paul says the Lord broke down the middle wall of partition. All of this depends on revelation from God recorded in the word. So it is all in the word. But all that is in the word has to be fully recovered, properly understood, and then experienced. So a believers’ experience of Christ death on the cross depends on what he or she sees concerning the truth. What about the rest of your being? What about the life-releasing aspect of His death? The more light we receive through the opened word, more experience we may have. Now we come to the resurrection. And the title is a very great significance.

This happened 1994. The unveiled truth of Christ’s resurrection for the ultimately goal of God’s economy. Thanksgiving Conference in Anaheim in 1994. And the general subject is about living the life according to the high peak of the divine revelation as revealed in the Scriptures. Then on the Saturday evening, Br. Lee gives this message. And begins by talking about veils. And all of the points that he shared that night on this outline has been spoken numerous times. I checked the ministry sometime after that. It all has been spoken again and again. But Br. Lee realized something. There was a veil over us. He wasn’t exempting anyone. He had the sense we don’t see it. So the first part of his speaking was in Roman numeral 1. We need to be unveiled in our understanding of the Holy Scriptures. While Br. Lee was speaking, an unveiling took place in that meeting. I wouldn’t say everyone. But many, many. It was almost spiritually explosive when it was a prophesying time. Such a release in response to seeing it. Not merely knowing it. Then the reference here from 2 Corinthians. Paul says, about the people of Israel, when they read Moses, there is a veil on their heart. In Luke 24, we read three types of opening. The two disciples on their road to a certain place invited the Lord to join them for dinner. Their eyes were opened and realized this man is Christ. Then when the Lord appeared to the remaining apostles, He opened the Scriptures. And then He opened their minds that they might understand the Scriptures. But surely some of them were quite bright, whether fisherman or not. Don’t minimize the mental capacity of the people of ordinary work. No matter how bright they were, they needed their mind to be opened. Then He could show them, including the book of Moses, all the things concerning Himself. These veils we don’t know exist until they are lifted. So all of us have a veil from the culture in which we are raised and educated. Certain concepts, certain views, are just in us. It is part of our humanity growing up on the earth. Then there maybe a philosophy, quite prevailing in a certain country. Germany, deep, idealistic, most profound philosophy. UK, it is more analytical. United States, it is pragmatic. So those in these countries have absorbed this. Plus there is the veil of our partial knowledge. Then eventually just our concepts, so many veils. 1994, Br. Lee has been speaking these things for 22 years in the US. But the veil is here. So it needed to be lifted. And when the veil is lifted, we hear the same thing but the impact is radically different. Because now when the veil is lifted, the divine light can shine on the word. And when the divine light shine on the word that is spoken, or on the word in the ministry material, spontaneously, doctrine becomes reality. But the veil stands between us with the word and God who is light. When the veil is lifted, like 2 Corinthians 3:18, we with unveiled face, behold and reflect the glory of the Lord.

Roman 2, it says we need to see the intrinsic significance of Christ’s resurrection. We would not be in error if it said we need to ‘know.’ But that is the point where we are poised so that we can do the careful study, we can articulate, and know it. But the point here says we need to see. In order to see the veil needs to be uplifted. We need a spirit of wisdom and revelation. Revelation is related to the veil, to remove the veil. And the eyes of our heart need to be enlightened  to see the intrinsic significance of Christ’s resurrection. Let’s say someone strongly says resurrection is simply a matter of Christ being raised from the dead with a body. That is resurrection period. Christ’s body is no longer in the tomb...and that is it. And some fight vigorously, this is all it is. Well, we are not going to add. We are just going to believe what the New Testament reveals. Objective, un-renewed, male mentality. It is the un-renewed male mentality that governs all the theological system...So it is not balanced by the subjective side of the sisters. We need to be balanced and we need to be both. So the outcome of their teaching is twofold. You can help people get saved according to Romans 10. Believe in your heart God raised Him from the dead...you help people to be saved. After that you hinder them from going on. Those who teach will be judged with greater severity. You are not only influencing others. You are shaping their thinking. That insistence on only this nullifies the entire economy of God. And those that are under this thick veil, their whole life, from the time they are saved to the time they die, has nothing to do with God’s economy.

D.
The entire economy of God is carried out by the above three items: 1) The firstborn Son, 2) our regeneration, 3) life-giving Spirit. That is quite a statement.
1.
Without these major items...there will be no church, Body of Christ, economy of God. By no church we mean no ‘My church,’ and ‘the church’ in Mathew 16 and 18. Instead you got a system, religious Christianity on all the earth. And the Lord on the throne will say, “No church, no Body of Christ, no economy of God.”
2.
These three items are for the ultimate goal of God’s economy. So now we are looking at this on God’s side. His economy has an ultimate goal. And these three aspects, the intrinsic significance of Christ’s resurrection, are for this ultimate goal. So let’s not just hold onto these words, “the ultimate goal of God’s economy.” What is it? The next issue of A&C is focused on Revelation 2 and 3. Last night, late, I finished an article of almost 16000 words, focused on one verse. And the title is The Divine Will Accomplished, the Divine Purpose Fulfilled, and the Divine Economy Consummated by the Overcomers in the Recovered Church. And the verse is Revelation 3:12. They are built into God (there is no temple). And the name of God and the city are written on the pillar, indicating the overcomers are one with God, Christ, and the New Jerusalem, and possessed by God, Christ, and the New Jerusalem, and have become God, Christ, and the New Jerusalem. And we know from Revelation 21 that the New Jerusalem is the wife of the Lamb. So to become the New Jerusalem is to become the bride of Christ, for whom the Lord is coming. So those who become the New Jerusalem in this age will be manifested as the New Jerusalem in the kingdom, and at the end of the kingdom, all the believers will be...the New Jerusalem. That is the goal, the consummation of the divine romance. That is God’s goal. That is the goal revealed in the Bible. That is the goal of the ministry of the Lord’s recovery. The goal of those that deny these intrinsic aspects, is heaven. And they are inconsistent about their teaching about heaven...Heaven turns out to be hotel 6. It is a joke. But the believers on the earth are being defrauded by partial truth. The enemy fights this in order to hinder the carrying out of God’s economy. So these three things you don’t have to pretend. We are very familiar. We need to see them in the light of God’s economy.

In resurrection Christ was going to be the firstborn Son of God. Brothers get ready, in the future you are going to be the editors of A&C or some other journals. You are going to write articles much better than anything I have written...Yes, you will do this. So you will be able to point out the two aspects of the divine sonship of the Son of God and you will be able to contend for the truth concerning the firstborn Son. Resurrection was a birth to the Lord Jesus in His humanity, not in His divinity. That is why we use Acts 13:33. The designation ‘firstborn’ indicates others will be born. If I were to introduce, “This is my firstborn grandchild,” then you know there are others. Ephesians 1:5 to be carried out. So then this connects to point B.

In His resurrection, which was His birth, we were regenerated, all of us. One thing that I have a little enjoyment of doing is challenging this un-renewed theological mind. I wrote, The only begotten Son and His brothers. The title itself...how can you say that? The only begotten Son cannot have brothers. Okay, it is very clear from John 1:18, 3:16, God sent His only begotten Son. So all the way through the gospel of John He is the only begotten Son, also the Son of Man speaking. Then on the day of resurrection, He said, “Go to My brothers.” Now He has brothers. But He remains the only begotten Son in the Godhead because Godhead is immutable. Yet He has brothers. How? For two reasons. He Himself is the firstborn. And in His resurrection we were regenerated. So now the brothers exist and the firstborn Son exists. Without these two truths, how can we have the church? It would be just a religious assembly of people who believe certain things. It is not the Body of Christ, not organic. So, I have yet to receive a kind of rebuttal for this. Some might say, if they are not willing to carefully read it, “This man is just playing around.” Then how do you explain the gospel of John that emphasizes the only begotten Son and He says, “My brothers.” That means the brothers already exists. “You go to My brothers, they are there. You go tell them you saw Me.” The New Jerusalem is the composition of many sons. No New Jerusalem, no Romans 8, no Romans 12. Just heaven. No economy, no purpose, no consummation.

What you shared in the splendid way...No one can replace your portion. When you speak, the grace in you flows. We are supplied by that. All of us, if we had the time, and everyone...sharing...I believe we will be rapture ready. We are not hearing something different but receiving spirit and life from another member.

There is no definite article. “He is a life-giving Spirit.” Okay, I challenge you to read, What a Heresy, Two divine Fathers, two life-giving Spirits, and three Gods!. We know the source of your problem. It is your un-renewed thinking. You can’t be like a little child, “I just believe what the Bible says.” I bring what Br. Lee said to the Lord and I get the full assurance of understanding. This is the correct understanding of the word. Without Christ being the life-giving Spirit, we cannot experience. How can Christ make His home in your heart if He is not in you? How can we be joined to the Lord as one Spirit if He is not the Spirit?...All these points are twisted. But it is so clear. Christ is making His home in your hearts. Paul says...I live Christ. While we are at it, we drink Christ, we breathe Christ. We eat Him. We digest Him. We assimilate Him. And now we are becoming Him because, our dear friend, the bride is always the same in life and nature as the bridegroom. In order to consummate the divine economy, we have to become Christ is life, nature, and expression, but not in the Godhead. All this is possible because we know the intrinsic significance of Christ’s resurrection. We experience Him, enjoy Him, become the Body, build up the Body, become the New Jerusalem, become the reality of the kingdom...and bring Him back. Without that we just join a religious crowed and wait for the cosmic condo, dwelling place in the sky.

Remember this, the whole thing is coming down out of heaven. You have PhD and I don’t. I don’t think you want to engage me in a debate over this truth. Why don’t you come to the Bible again poor in spirit, pure in heart, and reread it from beginning to end, and humble yourself and say, “I am willing to learn from a little China man...I need his ministry given by the Lord for the building up of the Body.”

Keep on breathing.

9/25/2019
Reading:
In order to understand and interpreted God’s word according to the leading of the Holy Spirit to see the intrinsic significances of all the verses concerning the items of God’s eternal economy, we must be delivered from our natural concept, human philosophy, and our understanding of the Bible according to the fundamental teachings of today’s Christianity.
9/17/2019
RGood
The Full Ministry of Christ
Christ’s Person
Christ’s Work
Firstfruits of resurrection
Firstfruits to satisfy the Father
Firstborn from the dead
Regenerates the believers
Designated the Son of God
Germinates the new creation
Firstborn Son
Produces many grains
Resurrected man in spiritual body with flesh and bones
Brings forth the corporate child, the corporate new man
The Life-giving Spirit
Rebuilds God’s temple
The Lord Spirit
Becomes the life-giving Spirit
Christ in the believers
Breathes Himself into the disciples

Stays with the disciples and teaches concerning the kingdom of God

Charges the disciples to preach the gospel
[Sharing]
Where is Christ today? In us, in the heavens. But also in resurrection. So if we want to contact Him, we must also be in resurrection. What kind of God do you like? The God of prevention or the God of resurrection? Lazarus dies. And the sister...Martha was wanting a God of prevention. He is this sometimes. But in His economy, what would He rather be? On the cross the Lord took care of everything, all the negative things. So He wants to be the God of resurrection and wants to bring us into resurrection. So the resurrection life is in us, in our spirit.

The Lord, in His sovereignty, wants to bring us more and more into His resurrection. I was invited to go to South Africa. It took me 3 days and 3 nights to get there. I went to London, I might have taught a Greek class. My flight was delayed. Then I got to Frankfurt. We had a whole day in Frankfurt. That was before we actually had taken the ground. Then what happened was I go to the airport, we are getting ready to go, they said there was a problem with the plane. They put us in a hotel. The next day we flew across Africa. It took us 3 days and 3 nights. The Lord doesn’t want me to go. The Lord does want me to go but not in Roger Good. The Lord uses our environmental circumstances to shows us...I got to LAX, early in the morning, American Airline or something like that. I am trying to get my automatic ticket process and she says you can’t get on that flight. You are going to change planes in Montreal(?) and you haven’t got enough time...I was on the phone for about 3 hours trying to sort this out. “Lord, what is going on?” Naturally, you go, “Let’s be a part of the Lord’s move in Germany!!” “Lord, you don’t want me to go in me. You want me to go in resurrection.” Same office as Brother Ron. Sometimes he is on the phone with travel agencies. He is firm but he doesn’t lose it...I realized I need to be firm. Eventually they flew me to San Diego and got a flight to Frankfurt. Don’t forget we have a God of resurrection. Some of the things that are going on is because He wants to bring you into resurrection.

One character of the Lord’s worker is not to be subjective. What does it mean to be subjective? We are learning a lot of objective truths. Don’t we need to have the subjective experience of Christ? Don’t we need to experience the God of resurrection? Well, there is a difference between the subjective experience of Christ and being subjective. Br. Nee said a subjective person cannot know the truth. Subjective person is one who relates everything to themselves. What does resurrection has got to do with me? When we come to these matters of the truth, we realize that there are some objective truths here. To enter into the proper apprehension of the truth, we need to set aside our subjective self. There was a group of sisters in the church in Anaheim. They were majoring in this matter of subjective experience. They said We are the overcoming sisters, the subjective sisters. They would share their “subjective experiences.” They were sharing according to their feeling, their thought. Br. Lee said this was a cancer that sucked life out of the church. Subjectivity is related to ourselves.

Brother Ron shared about being like-souled. It was kind of said that at the end of Paul’s life he only had Timothy. Br. Nee and Br. Lee were looking for some coworkers who could be liked soul with them. What does this mean to be like-soul? Not because Br. Lee was anything. What was Br. Lee’s consideration? He wanted to be one with Br. Nee. Not because Br. Nee’s person was anything special. Br. Nee wanted to be like the apostle Paul. Paul was a pattern. Paul wanted to be like the Lord Jesus. What is Paul’s vision, view? Paul’s view was to be reproduced. What is the Lord about? What is it all about? He says, it is not about Me, it is about the Father. Basically you end up, it is all about the Father, the life of God, which is being imparted into us. The Lord has provided this wonderful death on the cross...so that we can live by another life. We live in the Father’s life. We are living out the divine life. The Spirit of reality guides us into all the reality. Allow the Spirit of reality to lead us into all these...He went and proclaimed in His spirit His victory (in the Hades).

Satan has been defeated; he hates resurrection.
...
In My Father’s house are many abodes. He would raise up His spiritual body in resurrection as the house of God. If you look at our history, you can see, the Lord allows devastations to take place in the Lord’s recovery. In Taiwan, 1950s, there was a wonderful situation. The Lord really spread from a small number to a large number of saints meeting in Taiwan. The enemy didn’t like it and the enemy came in and ended up almost wiping out the whole generation. There was a big problem there...Br. Lee’s view was, “Lord, this is Your recovery. If something needs to be torn down, tear it down, and raise it up in resurrection.” I was in Germany in 1986. And there was a situation there. The enemy came in and almost wiped out the whole situation in Europe. There is a brother in the Middle-age training that was part of that original group. The Lord allowed. Now, He is raising up something in resurrection. Now it is much more. The situation is much more healthier than it ever was before. But still, my experiences testify, if you want to go to Europe, you must go in resurrection. The Lord has to shepherd you so that you touch the Lord’s move in resurrection, not in your natural man. The enemy will sometimes raise up smart people...A doctor, medical student. The enemy will raise up these people. But they are really that smart, they don’t know the God of resurrection. They take it upon themselves to oppose the Lord and the Lord’s recovery. The Lord sometimes will prevent. But He is the God of resurrection. He will allow situations, things to go down, before they come up again. How should we respond? We need to realize, “Lord, You are the God of resurrection.” I need to be one with the resurrected Christ. I am not a casualty but I can pass through this. In the midst of devastation and suffering, we need to realize, we have the God of resurrection in us, in our spirit. How does this take place? We have to realize, the Lord in His person He became the life-giving Spirit. And in His work He is the life-giving Spirit. He is giving us life in resurrection.

It is a continuity but discontinuity. Adam became a life-giving Spirit. That is discontinuity. But He was always the life-giving Spirit—continuity.

...He breathed out. No message, no do this and that. He just breathed into them. This is our capital. We have Himself as the Holy Spirit breathed into the disciples. You can see the progression. The Word becoming flesh. The flesh becoming the life-giving Spirit to enter into the believers; to produce this entity—the Father’s house, the Son’s vine, the Spirit’s child.

Japanese???—two breaths: Gen. 2:7; John 20:22.

He breathes into the disciples then stays with the disciples, teaching the things concerning the kingdom of God. They (the disciples) all failed. Don’t get too discouraged if you get into failures after the training. There is only one who can pass the training, the one who is in us. So He was training them to practice His invisible presence.

Someone asked Him, “Lord, are You...restoring the kingdom of Israel?” That means, “Get rid of the Romans.” Isn’t this like us as well? You’ve been two years in the training. What are you talking about this for? What are you talking about that for? Didn’t you go through the training for two years? What is going on? Talking about the kingdom of God; what is the kingdom of God? The seed being sown. But they are talking about the kingdom of Romans. The Lord was training them. They still didn’t get it. Praise the Lord. He trusts, not in [them] but in the breath. He is in the disciples; in the resurrection life in the spirit.

There is also another aspect of the kingdom. Sword (Ananias and his wife). The kingdom is seed and the sword. We touch God’s authority. But also “the kingdom of the Son of God’s love.” You see both aspects there [in Acts].
...
Then the end shall come.

God of resurrection is shepherding us...so that we can go through the same process of resurrection. Then what happens? You get out-resurrection. It is a process. “I need to die, I have a class today, I don’t even teach this class in Roger Good.” How can I die? Within me is this resurrection life. This resurrection life is the way to enter into the Lord’s death. Death comes then resurrection. It is a cycle. Eventually more and more resurrected, more and more you are qualified or the out-resurrection.

9/17/2019
Reading:
	-	To deny that Christ is the life-giving Spirit is equal to denying the reality of resurrection.
	-	The life-giving Spirit is the life pulse of Christ’s resurrection.
	-	If Christ had merely been resurrected with a body and had not become the life-giving Spirit, His resurrection would not mean nearly as much to us.
	-	This life-giving Spirit is the essence to germinate a new creation. The germinating element of the new creation is the resurrected Christ as the life-giving Spirit.
	-	The highest definition of resurrection is that it is the process by which Christ, the last Adam, became the life-giving Spirit.
	-	For the accomplishment of God’s eternal purpose, He took two steps. First, He took the step of incarnation to become a man in the flesh (1:14), to be the Lamb of God to accomplish redemption for man (1:29), to declare God to man (1:18), and to manifest the Father to His believers (14:9-11). Second, He took the step of death and resurrection to be transfigured into the Spirit that He might impart Himself into His believers as their life and their everything for the building of His Body, the church, the habitation of God, to express the Triune God for eternity.
	-	The Holy Spirit in John 20:22 is the Spirit expected in 7:39 and promised in 14:16-17, 26; 15:26; and 16:7-8, 13. This indicates that the Lord's breathing of the Holy Spirit into the disciples was the fulfillment of His promise of the Holy Spirit as the Comforter...to be their reality that they might be one with the Triune God.
	-	Because they had the life-giving Spirit within them, they were able to understand Christ’s speaking concerning the kingdom of God. The kingdom of God is actually the spreading of Christ as life into His believers to form a realm in which God rules in His life.

Prophecy:
Another Comforter
2/10/2019
RKangas
203

Acts 13:33; Rom. 1:3-4. Each designation should have a particular impact on us. Resurrected Christ being the life-giving Spirit and resurrected being the Lord Spirit (distinction). Who can explain this in two sentences? This is the test of our clarity. A professor said, “...few thousand words. But if you have the time, write an essay of 500 words.”

The resurrected Christ as the life-giving Spirit refers to the function of dispensing His life into us. The resurrected Christ as the Lord Spirit refers to the Spirit being the Lord in our body. This is the designation of His person. The Lord and the Spirit are one. And Christ the Lord is on the throne, we call His name, Lord Jesus, but in our experience, He is the Lord Spirit, the Spirit is the Lord. Now I used this illustration before...several years go I had worked on something quite late at night. Texaco gas station to fill up my tank. I needed to go south on Brookhurst. I had a sense, don’t exit and make a left turn. Rather, drive through the parking lot...wait for the light, and then turn left. Then my mind responded, “Look, that is too much time, there is so little traffic.” So I made a left turn and I am driving along at a proper speed and I see a vehicle, not a car, a motorcycle. Its lights are flashing. He pointed out to me that you made a double, double yellow line...I was surprised and comforted to see an elder from one of the churches (at the traffic school). That was the lordship of the Spirit. This is the Lord Spirit. Not commanding, not insisting, not threatening; just giving sense. This distinction is significant. The Lord’s function is to give you life all the time. But His person is the Lord Spirit...So we will all learn this. We are living in the reality of the kingdom.

When God became flesh to be the God-man, He was the complete God, infinite, with all the attributes of God, and a perfect man. Question: Was the Son of Man omnipresent when He was on the earth? No, He could not have been omnipresent. In John 3:13, we see, in His deity He was in heaven as well as here. But when He put on humanity, He, as the Son of Man could not be omnipresent. But, stage by stage, this will dawn on you, the power of resurrection is so great that it breaks through the three great barriers. The first two are space and time. So the resurrection life and resurrection power are beyond space and time. So now, the resurrected Christ is omnipresent. He is not just in one place. His humanity has been sonized and brought into the divine sonship. So wherever we are, you would think spaceship can go thousand light years...Wherever you are in this vast universe, He is there. And we know, humanly, space and time are very severe limitation. But resurrection breaks through this. And this eventually will affect our experience, I don’t fully understand this, that we may think, okay, between now and the training in December, I hope to grow this much...This is the perspective of human time. God’s view is, in resurrection, “I can do all that in a week.” The resurrection life with His power operating is not bound by space and time. And of course another barrier in the fallen creation is death. So this was a tremendous breakthrough when Christ was resurrected. And Br. Nee has a two outstanding messages along this line, The Resurrection, the Holy Spirit, and the Church. He points out that all this power of resurrected Christ is being transmitted to the church. So the church is the storehouse of this resurrection power. So this power now is in the organic Body of Christ. That is why when we learn to live in resurrection by walking according to the Spirit and recognize our utter dependence to the Body, there is the inexhaustible supply.

Here is the principle that governed the Lord’s work and it must govern our work...Although He cared for suffering human beings, died for our redemption, taught the truth concerning the kingdom, what was foremost in His being was pleasing the Father, satisfying the Father. So, in Exodus and in Leviticus, we have the typology of the firstfruits. They were not taken to the barn. They were taken to the temple to be waved as the wave offerings...The firstfruits are always for God. Isa. 8, the Lord is speaking to the Father in His ascension, “Behold Me and the children I have brought with me.” Now in John 20, when the Lord honored Mary’s desperate seeking, she was the first one to see the resurrected Christ because she was not satisfied with the objective data. That is a ‘guy’ kind of thing. Empty tomb, stone rolled away, face cloth folded up, nobody, He must be resurrected. I believe in the fact. She was not satisfied. She wanted the Lord. But she wanted to cling to Him. But He stopped her. “Don’t touch Me, I have not yet ascended to the Father.” Because His first longing was to have this secret ascension, contrast to the open, public ascension leading to enthronement...He desired to present Himself with all those begotten of Him in His first ascension. Then He talked much to His disciples for 40 days especially about the kingdom. He needed to continue His training. He wanted to breathe the Spirit into them. But the Father’s heart’s desire was the first. I am thankful that the brother in his sharing was applied to us and the application concerns the rapture. And then revelation, the rapture is mentioned twice in chapters 12 and 14. In chapter 12, that is the rapture of the man-child. Literally, the man-child is composed of overcomers who have died and...the out-resurrection. In principle it is all the overcomers. And the man-child is raptured for war. The devil is cast down to the earth. We don’t want to be on the earth when he is furious and roaming around. And that rapture was for the kingdom, for the warfare, to bring kingdom to the earth, a tremendous work. But in chapter 14, we have another aspect of the rapture. As the brother mentioned, the firstfruits. The firstfruits are the believers who are alive, who have matured prior to the great tribulation. And they are brought to mount Zion for the Father’s satisfaction. As the years go by, increasingly, we personally, will pray, even hope, I believe many of you will not see death. Some have to be alive to be raptured directly to the throne. Even in this matter, we need to be clear about the two aspects as crucial as it is, to defeat the enemy, and bring in the kingdom. And see the kingdom manifested on the earth. That is not first. It is the desire of God’s heart, that is the first. And we shouldn’t try to perfect ourselves, purify ourselves. The Lord will do this in us so that we can sincerely pray to the Lord, “I want to be among those who satisfy the Father’s heart.” He sent His only begotten Son. The Lord in His Godhead will always be the only begotten Son. Now He returns as the firstborn...with His overcomers. Br. Lee, again, learned this and ministered this at great cost. Ministering to the House or to the Lord. We should never allow [ministering to the house] to replace our ministering to the Lord. This multicultural, interracial local church...five prophets and teachers were ministering to the Lord. That is when the Spirit spoke, “Separate unto Me Barnabas and Paul for the work.” The speaking is precise. He didn’t say separate them unto the work. He said separate unto Me. We need mercy to be saved from the risk of losing your first love and not doing first works. The first works are not different works. They are works of service motivated by the first love...The desire of the Father’s heart. Then the Father Himself, this is from another angle, prepares a wedding feast for His Son, that He would get married.

II.
The limitations of space and time and causality permeate our mind. So we first read a verse like this and we were all regenerated at the first time when Christ was resurrected. We wonder, understandably, how can this happen? We didn’t exist. Well, As far as space-time is concerned, that is right. But God is not bound by time. So when Christ was crucified, we all were crucified with Him at the same time. Now, we were regenerated (with Him). This is God’s view. Of course, this has to be worked out in time.

III.
This is emphasized in the gospel of John, which is a book full of signs. So there is the symbolic significance to the first day, which became the Lord’s day. And that points to the germination of the new creation. In order to grasp this adequately, we need to realize, the all-inclusiveness of the death of Christ on the cross. He not only took our sins there, our old man, the world, the devil, the ordinances; He crucified the entire old creation because it has been affected by the fall as Romans 8 indicates. So the old creation, even before the fall, was by definition created by God but does not contain God. The new creation contains God. That is what makes it new. So the Lord’s work in resurrection...He germinated the new creation, in which we are increasingly mingled with God. So Paul, in particular, came to realize this. So in the verse reference, 2 Corinthians 5:17, he says, Anyone who is in Christ, is a new creation...It is a fact...How does it relate to us[?]

Before we were born of God, experientially, our entire being was in the old creation. Believe it or not, people get old. No matter how much people invest in Botox and plastic surgery, it is old. When by daughter graduated from high school, the song they chose was “Forever young,” that was 1986. No one is forever young, not even God. God is forever new, but not forever young. So what is happening throughout the human life...your spirit is as new as God is. Paul served in the newness of his spirit. And what the Lord is doing in all of us is working out the new creation from within the old creation. So this will eventually lead to the transformation of our soul, being sanctified, renewed, transformed and conformed, until virtually, entirely, your mind, emotion, and will, being permeated by the mingled spirit, will be a new creation. Your thinking, your feelings, a new creation. So our spirit is life (Rom. 8:10). Doesn’t say the spirit is living. The spirit is life, zoe. And the mind set on the spirit is life. And you will discover this, taking place in you. You have some realize of your mental capacity and human capacities. But when you realize, your mind is being renewed...So the new creation is expanding in you. But in doesn’t have a permanent affect on our body. Our body is body of sin, of death. But we have Romans 8:11. This is very real and experiential. Doesn’t mean you don’t take nap, don’t try to get full 7 and half hours every night...Somehow last 3 plus decades, trainees would do this. But sometimes we need life imparted to our mortal body. Like I mentioned before, I believe in regular physical exercise. And if you go to some place (gym)...Young men lifting in front of a full length mirror. Their motive is totally different. It is vanity. My wife and I are doing this to stay alive. But this is very real. The Lord gives life to our mortal body...Hymn 203 one of the greatest hymns ever written. In one meeting, spontaneously someone wrote another stanza and we sang it, that is not permanent addition to Br. Lee’s hymn. Changes the focus to us. But the light in that hymn is amazing. So we are Christ’s reproduction. He is the grain of wheat. The grain of wheat is the word that became flesh full of grace and reality. And He felt into the ground and died to accomplish the life-releasing aspect of His death. So when the shell was broken, the life within the shell was released. Then in His resurrection, that released divine life, based on 1 Pet. 1:3, brought forth a multiplication of the original grain. This really involves the high peak of the divine revelation. The many grains are the first grain is so many ways but not in the Godhead, but in every other way. With that multiplication was His glorification. Because the glory of His divinity was concealed in the shell of His humanity. We know from Luke 24:26, it was in resurrection Christ entered into His glory. Now let me go beyond this point of multiplication of one grain into millions of grains in necessary. But it is not the goal. Many grains are somewhat like a bag of microwaved popcorn. They are not blended...Some are not popped. We need to see something beyond this. The goal is the loaf, the meal offering. Paul refers to this in 1 Cor. 10. So the bread on the table signifies the physical body broken and the mystical Body, the church. So what I am going to say is not for the present but sometime within next 10 to 15 years if you are under the Lord’s blessing. A number of dear saints are genuine grains but their shells have never been broken. So they can never be blended in...That is why we need to, not focus on this, but be our spiritual realization. If the Lord is to have the Body, the bride, signified by the meal offering, our shell must be broken. With the Lord’s death, there were two kinds of sufferings. The first kind was the suffering for redemption, which He could participate in. None of us can share His suffering for redemption. We are the recipients of that suffering. But we can participate in the life-releasing part of His death. “If anyone serves Me, let him follow Me...” And He talks about loving our soul-life. So to serve the Lord in the way of the New Testament ministry requires us to follow the original grain into the ground and die. That is what our sister M. E. Barber did in China. A very mature sister. Truly loved ministering brother Govet(?), “I cannot leave England.” She had to tell him, “I cannot leave China.” Without her there will be no Watchman Nee. No Watchman Nee, no Br. Lee. No Nee or Lee, no We...I look to the future. What will the Lord’s recovery be, we must wait 30 years, 50 years. Yes, we need brothers supported by wives to bear responsibilities in the church. And brothers and sisters sharing the work. But who will continue the ministry? Will we encrouaged up with just brilliant, eloquent brothers with inspiring speeches? I don’t believe so. I believe there are a number. My case started in 16. You sense deep within, you are called to partake in this ministry. And don’t be afraid. Turn from gift to life. Death operates in us, but life in you. So this is the experience of the grain. On the one hand, our shell is broken so we can be truly blended with any believers anywhere. We are blended together as one. Also...for the release of life.

V.
Here is the sequence: God created the first man, a corporate person, in His image. The first man failed and became the old man. Then according to Ephesians 2, Christ on the cross crucified the old man (Rom. 6:6), and created in Himself one new man. He tore down all the barriers that separated us. He slew all the enmity. He created in Himself, on the cross, this one new man. Before He died, He spoke the words recorded in John 16. “You will weep, you will lament, but the world, the religious world, will rejoice. You will grieve, you will be in sorrow, because I must go.” Then He says, “You are like a woman travailing in birth and she brings forth a man-child, and when the child is born, she can only see him...” In a very real sense, those eleven apostles were the travailing woman. So the new man created on the cross was brought forth as the corporate new man in His resurrection. The enemy knows this corporate new man is a reality and exists. But he is terrified because this corporate new man will completely fulfill Gen. 1:26. So he tries to hide the truth and hinder us from entering into the experiences. But Paul entered into this. How? I don’t know. But he was like a travailing mother more than once. Gal. 4:17(?). No (going to five star hotel, eating steak...), that is just a minor occasional situation. You go anywhere, any kind of conditions, you not only speak, you travail. You don’t criticize, don’t judge, you travail...for Christ to be formed...All of these are aspects of Christ’s work in resurrection.

The meaning of the universe and the mystery of the human life. Contrast. Ask me.

Reading:
	-	The woman is corporate. The child must also be corporate—John 16:21.
	-	The resurrection of Christ was a detonation.

Prophecy:
The resurrection of Christ was a universal explosion. According to 1 Peter 1:3, through His resurrection, all the believers within all space and time, were regenerated simultaneously, making us a new creation. According to John 12:23-24, in His resurrection, as a grain of wheat, He exploded to bear millions and billions of many grains, in which He was glorified, and the Father was glorified in His glorification. According to John 16:21 and Ephesians 2:15, in His resurrection, all God’s chosen people were born together with Christ as the corporate child, the corporate new man. Also, in His resurrection, Christ fulfilled John 2:19, rearing up His body as the temple of God to be the enlargement of God’s building, the universal Body of Christ.
12/17/2019
RGood
564
Segways us into the next term [and] the second part of the stage of inclusion.

Sharings:
Realm is a [place] in which a set of rules apply…God’s salvation is a person.

Today, we are on the Spirit Himself with our spirit. The key to open the…section of God’s organic salvation. But of course you shared on the divine and mystical realm of the consummated Spirit and the pneumatic Christ.

His process of being consummated. But also, as He is going through the process, He is taking care of all our problems as well…This emphasizes more His work but also brings His person to us.

But we realize that we need the person of Christ. The person of Christ comes to us. How? As the Spirit. When we say “Lord Jesus, come to me!” How does He come? As the Spirit (not as a man with holes in His hands and feet).

But, as He comes into us, we realize that this is just a beginning…What do we need? The judicial redemption, and we also have to be saved in His life, which is called the organic salvation. The organic salvation has sections to it. 

Justification…we have a party with God. But He doesn’t just want to have a part with us. He wants to get into us….Having been regenerated, we realize, “Praise the Lord, my spirit is now saved!” God has got a beachhead in my being. Br. Lee was talking about the saints and believers. He said, “Whenever we see someone going astray…we can be kind of discouraged and bummed out…But actually, when we look at those who have been regenerated, we should be full of hope.” What is the hope? Christ in you, the hope of glory! Christ is the living hope. He is the hope. So, regeneration is wonderful. Right? But this is the beginning. So we have this different sections of God’s organic salvation.

What follows regeneration? According to this outline, feedling.

We may be the first ones to talk about God’s organic salvation…Have you used that terminology? “Do you know God’s salvation is organic?” Do you know how these terms came into the language of the recovery? Kerry Robichaux went to visit this Greek Orthodox (Timothy) (a professor at Oxford University)…concerning the matter of deification. The Greek Orthodox are not called [that] for nothing. Ortho—straight. Doxy—thought, consideration. Straight or proper thought. They always had the thought of deification. This thought got lost. The Arian heresies…Jehovah’s Witnesses…The Arians basically had a problem with saying that Jesus is God…“Jesús es Jehovah, si?”…Of course…we will talk about this next term…Basically, they believed that Jesus didn’t start off as God but they believed God…If there is an eternal Father, what does that mean? You have to have an eternal Son. That proves the eternality of His sonship. Anyways, where am I going with this? So, the Arians and the Orthodox both believed in deification. So one of the arguments that the Orthodox position is that, “If we become the deified, how can…?” Timothy said, “Most Christians, they just enjoy the judicial redemption. But God’s salvation is organic.” Kerry came back. Br. Lee said, “Wow, these terms are wroth a million dollars!”…What you may come across when you start talking to people about organic salvation, they may think you are talking about composting…That’s not what we are talking about.

The first stage, or the first section of God’s salvation is the regeneration. ( ( (Spirit) ) )

But then we realize there is more to us than just our spirit. Our soul…these faculties need salvation. God’s organic salvation is to spread from our spirit into your mind, emotion, and will. So there are different sections to our organic salvation.

So the first section is the regeneration. “That which is born of the Spirit is spirit.” The consummated Spirit, the pneumatic Christ, are born in us.

Consummated Spirit
Pneumatic Christ

Regeneration
Feeding/Shepherding
Renewing
Dispositional sanctification
Transformation
Building
Conformation
Glorification

Br. Lee, at least in 6 different publications, presented God’s organic salvation…Sometimes there is six sections, sometimes 9 sections…Lesson 14, he talked about these participating’s…These are also related to these sections of God’s organic salvation. If you are going to talk about God’s organic salvation, if you need to crystalize it and boil it down, how many steps do you need? Regeneration and Glorification. How about another step? Regeneration, transformation, and glorification. Regeneration deals with our spirit. Glorification deals with our body. Then if you are going to go from 3…to six. Regeneration, renewing, dispositional sanctification, transformation, conformation, and glorification.

Today, Br. Lee brings out feeding and building. The Spirit with our spirit is the key…Another time, he uses the word “shepherding” here. In Hebrew, feeding and shepherding are the same.

April of 1996. Basically from the time that Kerry and with Timothy…He talked about these terms for many years. Christians have talked about…odo salutis. “Order of salvation.” Sorry for going on and on about this. This is my next article in the Affirmation and Critique so…

Participating God’s life. Where do we put that? Regeneration. How about God’s nature? Sanctification. Holy nature. God’s mind? Renewing of the mind. The element of God needs to be infused into our mind. God’s being? Yeah, I think here, transformation. God’s image? Conformation. Of course these two (transformation and conformation) go together. God’s glory? Glorification. God’s expression. Glorification is to make us glorious. God’s glory is basically expressed through, out of our body…Mount of transfiguration.

Br. Lee…Life-study of 1 and 2 Chronicles. Transfiguration, the redemption of our body. It would fit here: glorification…Every element of fall removed. That is redemption.

That is God’s organic salvation. The sections of God’s organic salvation.

Now we need to go back to the outline and consider “His Spirit with our spirit” to open the section of feeding.

Regeneration is like you are a little baby. If you don’t feed the baby, what is going to happen? It is going to die. When we preach the gospel, we need to revisit them. Regeneration brings us into a divine existence and makes us divine persons. Before regeneration—some people had the thought, “I need to be like Jesus, what would Jesus do?” But really, what was going on in Jesus, He wasn’t being a nice person. He took the Father as His person. It is not about imitating Jesus. We need to get Jesus into us. This person needs to get into us…and live His God-man life out of us. So now, we have a potential. We have the potential to reproduce His life on the earth. What do we need? Feeding. Feeding helps us to maintain and develop…He is focusing on [feeding] here but it actually extends all the way through the other sections (to glorification).

Four words for words in Greek: logos, rhema, graphis, biblos. What’s your understanding of these two words, λογος, and ρημα. Br. Lee talks about constant words and instant words, which is a proper view. Christ is both logos and rhema. But logos (English word, logic) primarily relates to thought, consideration. It is also related to—if you haven’t taken Greek, what do you need to do? Repent—It is…basically you can say that there is a divine thought. And Christ is the logos. He is the word that defines, explain, and express the divine thought (the Father)…So it has to do with—Br. Lee in the footnote says, “the nourishing of the inner man through the understanding of our rational mind and…” 1 Pet. 2:2. We need to pick up God’s logic, God’s concept. We have human concept…We shouldn’t be conformed to that logic. We need to pick up the divine logic and feed upon it. I have to repent sometimes because I spend too much time reading the newspaper…You read it and I just feel dead afterwords. Why? Because I spent too much time feeding (not only reading) on it.

Br. Lee said one time, “Ed, let me show you how you read the newspaper.” [Just turned the pages]. “Done.” He read the newspaper and it didn’t drag him out of the divine and mystical realm.

Back to the guileless milk of the word…This is for the growth of the divine life…The divine logic that we see…We need to enter into the logos. But then it is not just this. You’ve also got John 6:63. It is the Spirit who gives life…the rhema that I have spoken to you…Basically, the Lord speaks from what He has spoken already, mainly…That instant speaking is the rhema word, flowing word, supplying life to us, nourishing us.

But then we also have the continual feeding—to feed…with solid food…unto transformation and conformation…We need the solid word, not just milk of the word, to help us mature. Hebrews 5:12, 13, and 14. The solid food is for the full grown, for the mature, who because of practice have their faculties exercised.

Our faculties, our senses, need to be exercised (particularly referring to our soul—the mind, emotion, and will). It depends on not only our mental faculties but our spirit apprehension…The word of righteousness. The word that will mature us…bring us to the stage of [conformation]…The word that will mature us in the divine life…into transformation and conformation.

The second section is to open the section of building…If you are a built believer, you match the Lord’s supreme and highest requirement. What does building mean?…This kind of thought, “Am I built?” How is your relationship with these brothers (around you)? Benson’s thought was, who’s above me, who’s believe me. But Charles may not be  built at all. Br. Lee said, building, you can take a brother and stick him anywhere on the earth and he fits…Being built up with the fellow believers…is the highest virtues used for Christ in His eternal economy. It’s not just a matter of “I can coordinate and fellowship with these brothers.” Definitely we need the Lord to do this…But maybe we can have a kind of platonic, or whatever, relationship with others but there is nothing divine there. Anyways, building is very much related to the growth in life.

The more we grow in life, the more the Lord grows in us, that constitutes the building…By the growth in life, it is not a problem, it is not an issue…You are able to be one with all of these different believers. Regardless of their background and culture, you just fit…To me, I just marvel at Brother Ron Kangas. He goes to all over…and he just fits. It is not because he is particularly magnanimous kind of person. The Lord has matured him…He probably had sheep’s eyes…

Basically, building is related to transformation. The verses that I mentioned here talk about the gold, silver, and precious stones…The [divine nature of God], the redemption of Christ, and the transformation of the consummated Spirit…Basically we need to feed and be built so our nature is changed…The building of the church is all together involved with the two spirits. You have these verses: Eph. 2:22…Human spirit. Rom. 8:11. You got the Spirit here but He dwells in you. This “you” is talking particularly about your faculties of mind, emotion, and will…Your body is just…But if you allow this process, He will give life to your mortal bodies.

Two more things.

Christ builds His home in our hearts through the strengthening of the Spirit. We get strengthened into the mingled spirit so that the pneumatic Christ can make His home in our hearts…Mutual abode, mutual dwelling. This is God’s house, which consummates in the New Jerusalem, the eternal habitation of God and man.

Okay, that’s it for this term.
9/3/2019
RGood
1154
474
One point that didn’t come out in you sharing: What do you see concerning the compound Spirit? We have the five points. What does this [the compound Spirit] mean? What is the significance of the compounding of the Spirit? Death and resurrection. What does that mean to you? It touches our intrinsic problem. What is our problem? Sin and death. They are intrinsic matters in our being. These practical experiences, why do we have them? It is exposing where we are, intrinsically in our being. You look at yourself and go “I am just a mess.” But the sentiment is there. You need to die. But how are you going to die? There is one way that is legitimate to die—crucifixion. You can’t commit suicide by crucifixion. The Lord had many different ways to die but He died by crucifixion. That shows that we need someone else to help us to die to all these intrinsic problems in our being. The crucifixion is in the compound Spirit. The Lord’s death is compounded in the Spirit. When we turn to the Lord, “Lord, I am just about to react...” And you say amen to the ‘pinching’ feeling within.

Now what? We need resurrection. The death on the cross took care of all the intrinsic problems. There is the Lord lying in the tomb. That is the beginning but that is not the end. Death—we don’t have the ability to do what we know we should do. You need to come to the point where you say, “I can’t take this, I can’t make this, I can’t fake this.” I need the compound Spirit...to resurrect me, to be the empowering one to carry out the training.

When the rubber meets the road, what is going on practically? Sometimes we forget, sometimes we have to react in the old creation first and go, “O Lord, forgive me, cleanse me.” Then the Lord is able to bring us into the new creation.

The Basic Truth Concerning Christ’s Person in Resurrection
Person
Work
Firstfruits of resurrection

Firstborn from the dead

Son of God (designated)

Firstborn Son

Resurrected man with spiritual body (flesh and bones)

Life-giving Spirit

Lord Spirit

Christ in us

8 (resurrection) points. Why in this order? First means more to come. What about this: resurrected man with spiritual body. Two things going on: continuity and discontinuity. Continuity is the same physical body that Jesus was born with grew up with. But there is also discontinuity (going through a wall and coming out the other side—He couldn’t do that before). Thomas didn’t believe...“Tomas come here.” “My Lord and my God!” How about this part: life-giving Spirit. Give to who? Us. Basically, in His person, these firsts imply something else. There is continuity and discontinuity in His being. But we realize it is not just about His person and change in His being but the goal is to come into us [and become our life in resurrection]. The goal is to, and is implied by the ‘firsts,’ to reproduce...to be Christ in us, to enlarge and expand...in many.

How did He get in the room? Where did the fish go? The fish went through the wall. He still got a stomach. He got flesh and bones. The Lord is not referred to flesh and blood. Why? Blood is gone. Where did it go? The side was pierced. The purpose of the blood was for redemption. And when the blood is gone, what does that mean? The blood is a sign, a symbol, that death is taking place, and that redemption is accomplished. The Lord’s blood is still on this earth. There is redemption covering this earth. “As soon as someone repents...I can forgive them.” What does the blood do? It animates the old creation. The blood circulates in our body, giving life to our body. What circulates, what animates the new creation? The Spirit. Flesh and bones. It is continuity. But she has a spiritual body. It is a [physical] body animated by the life-giving Spirit.

The principle of resurrection is God in Christ passes through death and comes out of death, bringing man into God. Incarnation brings God into man and God mingles with man. But this process of mingling is not accomplished fully until resurrection. In resurrection death is conquered. What do you do with a resurrected person? You can’t kill him. All the negative things have been terminated on the cross. It is God’s [economy] to bring us fully into God. Romans 8:3; 1:3-4. So resurrection basically conquers death and brings us into God fully. And this is where we dwell eternally. This is a process the Lord went through and a process we need to go through. The God of Resurrection. This [booklet] tells us that God is not just a living God. The living God does things for us. God of resurrection does things in us and to us. He brings us into resurrection to carry out God’s economy—to bring us fully into resurrection. We may go, Why am I suffering this, going through this? The answer; Paul and the apostles were going around and had this question, “Sentence of death in us.” And what was the answer? “You need to die.” God wants to bring us through death into resurrection. What happens is that in our environments, we go through difficulties. What is the answer? It is not just, “Lord, help me.” Actually he wants to [bring us through death]. Ron uses this word, ‘pulverizing.’ We just need to realize, “O Lord, I need to enjoy these elements in the compound Spirit so that You as the God of resurrection may bring me through this process...” This is what makes us overcomers. What makes us overcomers? We have gone through death and resurrection. 

The firstfruits of resurrection. What does this mean? There is a certain portion of the crop that ripens first. The children of Israel were instructed to bring the firstfruits to the temple, into the house of God. He is the firstfruits of resurrection. Who is included in the harvest? The rest of us. But actually, it is interesting, at the end of this age, there are a group of people who are also called the firstfruits, the living overcomers. He is called the firstfruits, and there were some who came out of the tomb...If we are living on the earth...we need to say, “Lord, make me a firstfruit. Make me mature, bring me through this process of death and resurrection.” So that the Father may [pick you]. I realized, “Okay, I better take them into my house” We got squirrels, dogs, all these things that want to eat my fruit. So as it starts to ripen, bring it into the house. The Lord did something special. When He resurrected, there was one person that enjoyed His resurrection. It was a sister. “Hi, Mary.” That is what He did. “Don’t touch Me.” Probably wasn’t a part of the plan. The enjoyment of the firstfruits was the Father’s. Mary just got a glimpse of the Lord in resurrection. The freshness of the Lord’s resurrection is initially for God...Those who first received the Lord...And those raptured to the throne. But all of us will be resurrected. It is a matter of sooner or later. The word resurrection in Greek actually implies that it is a process (not just stand up). The more you enjoy death and resurrection, the more you are prepared to be the firstfruits.

He is the firstborn from among the dead. He is the Head of the Body. The Head is resurrected, so also is the Body.

He is also the Son of God designated in power. According to Romans 1:3-4. Eternally He is the Son of God. But “designated” is referring to His humanity. There was a designation, a marking out. This is the firstborn Son. “You are My Son, this day have I begotten You.” What is “this day?” The day of resurrection. Eternally He is the only begotten Son. But in particular sense, related to His humanity, He is the firstborn Son of God, implying that He wants many others. And we are the many brothers.

He is the resurrected man with the spiritual body of flesh and bone. Again, we need to see the two focus of the divine truths. On the one hand He is still the resurrected man with the spiritual body of flesh and bones (somewhere in the third heavens). This resurrected man is coming back...to get His rightful inheritance. The earth belong to this man. So as you shared, most Christians recognize this and believe this, that the Lord Jesus is a man in the glory. So there is this aspect of the Lord. And we will see Him, when He comes back. And it is a resurrected, glorified body. And we can see, by His physical body going through the wall, that this is what we are going to have. We will have one of these bodies. We will be going through the wall. So, anyway, that gives a little bit of idea of what it will be like. This is one aspect. But then, how do you reconcile this man, with spiritual body of flesh and bone, with this point—the life-giving Spirit...Is this the same person? Yes. Is Christ in you? Is Christ in us? How can this be? People say, “In the Spirit, through the Spirit.” Well, kind of slippery. Br. Lee would say boldly, He is in as the Spirit. The same person (in the third heavens) is in us as the Spirit. Everything has two sides. If you don’t see the twofold-ness of the divine truth, you get stuck.

The last Adam became a life-giving Spirit. There is became, meaning it wasn’t and it became. Also you can understand, “It turned out.” The last Adam turned out to be the life-giving Spirit, He was always the life-giving Spirit. There is the discontinuity and continuity. You can say that the Triune God always was the life-giving Spirit but He became the life-giving Spirit as well.

The Lord Spirit is particularly for our transformation. 2 Cor. 13:5. This same person, God becoming a man, came into us as the Spirit.

Prophecy:
In Romans 1:4, Paul says that Christ “was designated the Son of God in power according to the Spirit of holiness out of the resurrection of the dead.” Though Christ was eternally the Son of God, through His incarnation, His divine nature was concealed by the flesh, in His humanity. Through death and in resurrection, His human nature was uplifted, sanctified, and transformed, resulting in Him being designated the Son of God with this human nature.

This designation was according to the Spirit of holiness, referring to the Spirit of the divine essence; meaning that the humanity of Christ was fully saturated and constituted with the divine essence, causing Him to be designated the Son of God in power in His humanity.

Today, on the one hand we are already intrinsically sons of God. But when we are continually led by the Spirit, eventually we will also be designated the sons of God in power, thus fulfilling 1 John 3:2.

9/16/2019
Conclusion:
I hope that we all can see this. Paul saw a vision. He had a proper, actual trance, to get out of the old concept and into the new concept. He saw all these things, and we have to thank God that what Paul saw was put down in writing. We thank the Lord for this book of Ephesians! If we did not have this book, we would have no guide, no direction, and no light concerning the details of the Body of Christ. We would not be able to see the intrinsic view of the Body of Christ. But thank the Lord that we have the guide, the direction, and the light. We can see the mingling of the processed Triune God with the regenerated believers and the building up of the Body of Christ. We can also see the oneness of the Body of Christ with the oneness of the Spirit and the oneness of the faith and of the full knowledge of the Son of God. May the Lord have mercy upon all of us that our eyes would be fully opened to see the intrinsic view of the Body of Christ.

DDong
824
1226
1991, given in Virginia, near DC. Why is Br. Lee so burdened? In 1988-1989, there was a big storm in Southern California, in Anaheim itself. Not just Anaheim but Huntington Beach...due to the fact that these leading brothers look at the outward, extrinsic practices of the church. And they took it up and said, Look at this, this is turning the church into numbers, statistics, evangelical work. They accused Br. Lee of changing the nature of the Lord’s recovery. The Lord’s recovery started as Christ as life. But they didn’t realize that what they looked at was still extrinsic. These are toys that you should have dropped but they didn’t. After two years or so of the storm, the Br. Lee had a burden to show us the intrinsic view of the Body of Christ. Even inward, your organs in your body, you have different systems...they are very wonderful. But these are still extrinsic. How about intrinsic? Do you have an intrinsic thing about your body? How about your psychology, emotion, and will? What about your spirit? That is even more intrinsic. But people do not realize that. They look at it and say, this is a wonderful body...If Adam did not sin, this body could live forever. But because of sin (death came through sin). When I come to my age, I ache here, I ache there. You go to the doctor and they say, “It is because of your age.” It is no fun to be aging. That is because of sin. But the Body that God has created is wonderful. It is self sustaining and it can live forever. But it does not live forever because of the deterioration because of sin. But that is extrinsic. Intrinsically you have the soul, spirit, you cannot see. How about the Body of Christ? In the beginning of the gospel, the Lord did not even mention about the Body because the disciples were all in the extrinsic mentality. Everything in that religion that they came out of (Judaism) was totally extrinsic...You are not supposed to work (in Sabbath)...you must keep the law. That is extrinsic. So the disciples all followed that kind of extrinsic mind. And the Lord could not reveal to them anything more intrinsic. So He revealed to them first of all He is the Son of God, Christ, the Son of the living God, and that He would build the church upon this foundation. But He promised them in chapter 16, “Right now I cannot tell you everything...but when the Spirit of reality comes...He will receive of Me and disclose to you.” When He became the Spirit of reality in resurrection, breathed into the disciples. But the first group still could not receive the intrinsic view of the Body of Christ. They did not even have the term. They had the term ‘church.’ The church in Jerusalem. The first group of disciples recognized the church as being different from the Old Testament religion. They are regenerated, they have the Spirit in them. Paul and Peter said that...who are we to deny. The Spirit has recognized them (Gentiles) as a part of the church. But to their mind, it was still the matter of the church. What is the difference between the church and the Body? The church is mostly extrinsic. The church is a framework. Therefore the church has the ground of the church, the status of the church, the formation of the church, the establishment of the church, the offices of the church. All these are extrinsic. You need that in order to have the church. But, this year we will tell you the intrinsic view of the church. What is the church? The Body of Christ. Brother Paul in Ephesians 1:22-23 says very clearly, “...the church, which is His Body.” He is the first apostle that used the word ‘Body.’ Then if you read Colossians 1:24, he also says, “I now rejoice in my sufferings on your behalf and fill up on my part that which is lacking...for His Body, which is the church.” The Body is the church, the church is the Body. Talking about human logics. If A = B and B = A, then A and B are identical...What is builded in you? It is Jesus. You follow me? And that Jesus, that Christ, living in you, in your crucified humanity, is the church of Christ. That is the Body of Christ. Peter didn’t see it, John didn’t see it. All the twelve apostles didn’t see it. But the Lord picked someone else, somebody who had never followed Him in the flesh, this person, this Saul...was very zealous for religion. He was blameless, according to the law. None of us can say that. That is why we need the blood of Jesus. But this Saul, according to the righteousness of the law, he was blameless. Which means he did not offend any regulations of the law. He kept the Sabbath. He did not kill. He might have committed fornication in his mind but he didn’t acted out. So according to the law, outward...he was blameless. But he said, “...I counted as loss.” “The righteousness according to the law was a loss to me.” Who is this Christ Jesus that he saw? In Philippians, when I was younger and I studied Philippians, I thought the excellency of the knowledge of Christ must refer to Colossians, Christ as the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation. He is the image of the invisible God! He made the invisible God visible. Wow, what a Christ! Also, He is the firstborn of all creation. In all the creation, which is created creation; among them He was the first. You like to be first? Satan always like to be first. Don’t laugh, you all have Satan in you. We always likes to be the first. This time, when I study, we have this last conference, Experience of Christ, we studied the book of Philippians again. You have to realize, the Lord revealed to me...more. I thought I saw the excellency of the knowledge of Christ. That Christ is not an individual Christ. That is the corporate Christ. In other words, Paul saw this Christ, this wonderful Christ who is the image of the invisible God, who is the firstborn of all creation, the firstborn from the dead, the first of every creation; old creation, new creation, whatever creation, He is the first. He is the beginning, He is the end, everything in the middle. But today, in the intrinsic view of the Body of Christ, you have to see that this individual Christ is now worked into you (and you and you). What happened to the old [you]? They are crucified. So we have one Lord, one faith, one baptism. Why is baptism so important? That is for termination. It is not rather with warm water, cold water, river water, sea water, whatever water. It is not that. It is talking about the termination...“Baptized into death.” What is faith? A joining. You just to the organic Christ by faith. Paul says in 1 Tim. 1:4, you should not teach anything differently...but God’s economy, which is in faith. God’s economy is only in faith. Where is faith? Rom. 10 says faith comes from hearing, hearing from the word of God. Faith comes from the word of God. In order to gain faith, you need to eat Jesus. That is why we sang that song #1226. The more we eat Jesus, the more we have faith. One faith, one baptism, we have the Lord.

Eph. 4. Paul does not say one Spirit first. He says one Body. All Christians recognizes these seven one’s. Why does Paul mention that? Do you know why one Body first? That is why Br. Lee wants you to have an intrinsic view of the Body of Christ. The Body of Christ is not just the extrinsic...The emphasis on the chapter 4 of Ephesians is the oneness. Where does the oneness come from? There are two kinds of oneness’s. One is oneness in reality. The process from oneness in reality to arrive in oneness in practicality. What is the oneness in reality? The seven one’s. You touch that, the mingling of the Triune God with us, with men. But sorry, you have been crucified. So what does Christ mingled with. Have you thought of this? Have you been crucified, terminated? Now Christ is mingling with you, which part of you? You are dead. Which part did Christ resurrect? Your spirit. Your spirit needs to spread into your soul. Be renewed in the spirit of your mind. Right now we should be living in our spirit. Paul says you need to walk according to the Spirit...Do you? Maybe 1 percent of the time. Maybe you are a better Christian, 5 percent of the time. That is the reality of the oneness, the Spirit. One Body, one Spirit, one hope, one Lord, one faith, one baptism. All these are one. And one Father, who is above all and through all and in us all.

If God mingles with your strong self, then your self will use God to suppress everyone else. The Lord does not do that. You need to turn to your spirit. When you turn to your spirit, there is the cross in the spirit. In the compound ointment, there is the myrrh and cinnamon, the death, the termination and the sweetness of death. If you do not turn to the Lord, your death may not be sweet. You will suppress your rising anger. I did that a lot when I was in your age. Eventually I got a stomach ache. It is like organic union eat too much candy, you have cavities. You suppress too much, you have stomach trouble. I believe that is how Timothy got his stomach illness. The only way to die with Christ and be sweet is to turn to your spirit. ~Oh, it is so sweet to die...This song was written by A. B. Simpson. He wrote this when he was in spirit. So it was sweet. But it is not sweet if we die in Christ with us. We grind...When we turn to our spirit, “Lord I love You.” With love everything is sweet. And you can be blind. It is too sweet. Most times I say I love the Lord but I still love myself more. So the Lord will arrange the right GP for you, right housemate for you, your roommate. At night he snores, you can’t sleep. Oh, terrible. Lord, why did you arrange that? ~Oh it is so sweet...

What is the oneness of the practicality? That is in chapter 4 verse 13. Until we all arrive at the oneness of the faith and the oneness of the full knowledge of the Son of God. According to the outline, Br. Lee says here, oneness of the faith...What is the oneness of the faith? Besides our beliefs, we should drop it all. If we just hold on to the oneness of the faith, then all the believers in the whole globe would be one. If you don’t add anything to it. There is one thing that I am really bothered. You went to different colleges and you received education from this world and also from the internet, magazines. Your brain has been washed by this world. I want to bring you back to God. They will tell you that although the world has different religions (Muslim, Catholic, Christianity, Hinduism...), as long as you are in a religion you are okay. No, there is only one name given. I am not talking about religion. We are talking about religion. We are not talking about organization. We are talking about this living Triune God mingling with us. That is the Body of Christ. That is what we are working at...I am serving the Lord to make sure that you see this, to go against the trend of the world. There is only one God. And this God is not just a Buddha. Not just a Santa Cross. That is Christianity. He is not just dishing out what you need. You need a job? You pray, I give you a job. No, He has a purpose! He has a goal. He wants to have a Body of Christ. And the Body of Christ is not just people who believe in their religion. The Body of Christ is Christ Himself working to us, living in us, expanding in us, building us all together, to arrive [at] two things: 1) Grow, grow into Him. He must expand in us. 2) After we grow, we do not just sit in the class, in the couch, be a couch potato. No, we have to go out. Not by ourselves. But by this Lord that is living in me, out from whom the whole Body, being joined together and knitted together, by the joints of the rich supply and by the operation in the measure of each one part, for the building up of the Body of itself in love. That is how Body is built: 1) your growth, 2) not by just your function; it is operation. What is the difference? If you have a function, you function little bit and you are satisfied. But operation is different. 24/7, you are in this operation, you are thinking about it, you are in it, you are operating in it. 3am in the morning your new one calls you, “My car broke down, could you pick me up?” You are joining this man to the rich supply. You must see this. What Christ wants is the Body. And this Body must be in oneness. And this oneness must be the Triune God Himself. Not the human kind of oneness, not the United Nation kind of oneness, nor in some kind of brotherhood(?), or some kind of human, man-made oneness. No, that is organizational. That is oneness that Saul was in in the laws, the regulations. We are talking about Christ Himself expanding in us. That is the oneness. As Christ grow in us we drop a lot of toys, we come to know the faith. And we have the full knowledge of the Son of God. The Son of God refers...to this life.

We are here for God who has a purpose. We are here for His purpose. Not our welfare, His welfare.

9/21/2019
DDong
858
1226
Well, um, I think this topic, everybody is very clear, uh, well, have you thought of how to answer this question: why does Paul mention one Body before one Spirit? Haven’t thought of it? What is one Body? Yes, one Spirit, one Lord, one God and Father who is above all through all and in you all. But where does this Body come from? The Triune God has already gone through the process but the Triune God’s economy is this processed Triune God would come into His chosen and redeemed people and the Body actually comes from the Triune God AND the redeemed people. Not just the Triune God. The Triune God with the redeemed people. So this is; the Body is the end product of God’s goal. I believe that is why Paul looked at this and said, One Body, one Spirit, one hope of our calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, and one Father who is above all through all and in you all. All these seven together just one. There is not seven. It is just one. It is all one. In the reality or Br. Lee would like to use the word trance, Paul liked to use the word revelation, vision. That is the same thing right? In the Lord’s recovery, Br. Lee’s burden is not just passing the knowledge. He wants to have our eyes open, to see something, he calls seeing a vision. What is to see? The scenery is already here. But there is a veil in front of the scenery. To see that you need to take away the veil. And you also need need. But your heart must be open. 2 Cor. 3:16 says whenever the heart shall turn to the Lord, your heart must turn to the Lord, your aperture. The lens is here and the shutter is closed, otherwise the light outside will always come in and destroy the film. The shutter open up just one tenth of the second and let little light come in and will create a chemical reaction in the film. Our spirit is a chemical, it is a film, that create a chemical reaction called faith. What is faith? Faith is not knowledge. Knowledge does not produce faith. It is when the Lord is speaking to us, preaching to us, it causes our heart to open, to turn from the worldly things, from our own things to turn to the Lord. Whenever our heart turns to the Lord, the veil is taken away. And we all with unveiled face, beholding and reflecting as a mirror; the mirror is in our spirit. But most times you don’t behold the Lord, you know. Your heart is beholding your problems, your pride, your jealousy. Not before the Lord confessing. Your pride just reflect out because your heart should be holding your self, your pride, it reflects from your behavior, even from your face. Some people you can look at him and this guy is joyful, how come you are happy? Because he is beholding happy God. Your face reflects...because you are a mirror. What you behold you reflect. But if you behold the glory of the Lord, what do you reflect? The glory of the Lord. And the glory of the Lord will transform you from one degree of glory to another degree of glory. Praise the Lord. That is why we want you, every morning, to have the morning revival, not going to the motion of the revival...You have to get up in the morning. You have to tell the Lord, Lord Jesus, I am not here to behold anything else. I am here to behold you. Even the things about the Lord, for instance, the Lord’s joy, the Lord’s meekness, the Lord’s mercy, the Lord’s grace, we say “Lord, I am not beholding all these. I am beholding You. I want You. I don’t want anything else. I want You. I want You as my grace...my joy.” It is not that the Lord has something beside Him called grace. No, you want the Lord. He is your joy. The Lord is all-inclusive. What do we mean by that? That means He is everything. So, that Lord that you behold is the um, that is the oneness. I mean of course automatically we become one. So we have the oneness of the reality, right? The seven ones. And we need to grow into the oneness of the practicality.

What is the oneness of the practicality? 1) The oneness of the faith. You know in your spirit, the oneness of for faith is in your spirit. But you are surrounded by your soul. Your soul is what the Bible calls flesh, the natural man, the old creation. You know why you are fallen? When Eve listened to Satan and also caused her husband Adam to fall, it was the tree of knowledge of good and evil. You know what makes us always criticizing one another? What do we criticize one another for? It is due to the tree of knowledge of good and evil. You do something wrong. Maybe if I didn’t know, then I don’t know. But if I discovered, you know why I would then criticize you? Because you did something wrong. When I tell him you did something wrong, he always comes back, “No, no, no, no you misunderstood me.” We have self-justification. We try to vindicate ourselves. The problem is, whether we accuse or he excuses, we are on the tree of knowledge of right and wrong. You are wrong. No, no I am not wrong. No, you are wrong...we both are dead. And this way we are not one. We cannot be one. I feel he was wrong. And he says, No, I wasn’t wrong. This happen between roommates a lot. Your GPs. If you are married, between husband and wife a lot. You know why? Because your flesh is around your spirit. Your flesh is always in the tree of knowledge...right or wrong. ’91, we just had passed through a storm. Many saints in Anaheim and Huntington Beach got affected. Why? Because they stayed in right and wrong. One time a brother asked me, “David, do you believe that Br. Lee has never done anything wrong?” Br. Lee is a man, of course...he is not perfect. Do you know what I answered him? “Whether he is right or wrong, it is none of my business because God has not committed me to be a judge. The judgment has been given to the Son of Man. Not to me. I am not a judge. Whether he is right or wrong, he has his Lord. His Lord will judge him.” Romans 14. I just eat vegetable! No, I eat everything! So you can argue with each other. When you argue, you are out of the spirit...Seventh Day Adventist would tell you that you can only eat vegetable. We went to their camp. All the meal is vegetable. They have eggs, sausage, lasagna. All is made of false meat. Do I judge them? Of course I wasn’t so happy about that. But the lasagna tasted pretty good. But my point is, right and wrong will get you out of the oneness of the faith. Today, why are there so many denominations? I don’t like my pastor so I gather a group and move across the street and start a church. “You know, my pastor embezzled the church funds...” If he did, you let the Lord...You believe me, FBI is very good. They will find out. I pay taxes to pay FBI. I should not do FBI job. Got has not committed to me the job of telling people’s right or wrong. God has committed me to build the house of God, to build the Body of Christ. That is my commission. Your right or wrong is not my commission, not my job. But every Christian takes that as their job. That is why there is no oneness of the faith. You have to grow into it. The more you grow, the more you drop your judgment. Br. Lee calls them toys. “The Big Bang” TV show. Sheldon. He loves is train. That is a toy. But he is a boy never grown up. Anyway, a lot of people take the baptism in their baptismal as a toy. The Presbyterian takes the elder system as a toy. Is it scriptural? It is scriptural. But you take the faith. If you eat the chicken, you don’t try to eat all the feather...you eat the meat. The oneness of the Spirit is the meat. Everything else is the feathers. Are they part of the chicken? Yes they are. But what you pay attention to is the oneness of the faith, and the oneness of the full knowledge o the Son of God. The oneness means you drop off everything that is not Christ. Oneness of the full knowledge of the Son of God means you enjoy more of the Christ. Like Br. Lee shared, Christ is all-inclusive. Do you know that He is the Father? In the Triune God, in the Godhead, He is the Father. He is the Spirit. Of course He is the Son. But in the Bible, one day Br. Lee said this. The Bible does not say that the Father is the Son. The Bible says that the Son is the Father. The Bible does not say that the Spirit is Jesus. But that the Lord Jesus is the Spirit. Have you thought of this? You know what does that mean? That means Christ is everything! Huh? Wow. This is God’s economy. God wants Christ to be everything. He is the centrality and the universality. Even with the Godhead, He is the center. You know, the Son is lower than the Father. 1 Cor. 15. After He received all the kingdom, He will give the kingdoms to God. So the Father is the higher one and the Son is the lower one. In the Triune God, the Father and the Son, the Father represents the authority and the Son represent the submission. With the Trinity, within the Godhead, there is the harmony, the real oneness. When They decided the Father is the Father, the Son did not argue with the Father. No such argument because They were one. That harmony should be worked into all of us.

My problem is that Br. Lee says that there is division because we don’t think the same thing. Why? I think my opinion is better than yours. What do you think. Therefore our thinking is different. We think different things therefore our speaking is different. Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks. If our speaking is different, it is not because our speaking is different but it is because what is in our heart is different, our emotion, will, mind, heart is different. The Corinthians they speak different things. Even in Philippians, such a high book, Paul says, “Make my joy full that you speak the same thing, think the same thing. One in spirit and joined in soul.” The soul is the problem. The spirit has no problem. It is your soul. You are not joined in soul because you think different things...I think different things than the next person. I think of a higher position, better recognition...that is why we have jealousy. This brother speaks everybody says amen, amen, amen. And when I speak everyone is silent and hear a little “O Lord...” I am jealous of him...But I know that I am better than him. Don’t you think you are better than anyone else? Philippians, Paul says, let this mind be in you. “Do nothing by way of selfish ambition but by way of vainglory...considering one another more excellent than yourself.” That is impossible. I value my opinions better than yours. Paul says, “Considering one another more excellent.” “Not regarding each his own virtues but each the virtues of others also.” How can I do that? In my natural fallen nature, I always put myself first on the pedestal. But the next verse says, “Let this mind that was in Christ Jesus, that operated in Christ Jesus...He was God and He did not take being God as something to be grasped.” Suppose he has a PhD. You have no PhD, I have PhD, I should be higher than you. How come the trainers don’t see that? Listen, when I speak everybody says amen. Didn’t they hear that? How come they put me on the same level as [so-and-so]. How come? Lord Jesus. But there was a mind that was working in Christ Jesus. Paul says, “Let that mind be in you.” You should be open to the Lord, let the Lord live in you...who did not grasp...to be equal with God...The Lord Jesus was God. He was grasped the matter of being God, being equaled with God. But He did not. He lowered Himself. He emptied Himself. As a man He even further humbled Himself, took the form of a slave. That is the lowest humanity. Let this mind be in you...I teach in FTTA, mmm, I should gain some respect. How come you don’t give me respect? Right away you have to turn to the Lord. The Lord does not want you to be just humble. No, the Lord wants this mind be in you. In other words, this mind who is the Lord Jesus Himself, come inside me, will operate in me to empty me out. This is God’s economy. The Lord Jesus has gone through all this. Now He wants to live Himself in me again in that way. It is not for me to imitate this Lord Jesus, who humbled Himself and emptied Himself. This emptying one is in me. How do I be humble? Do I just look at the Lord Jesus, I have a model here! Your humbling yourself will work for two days. On the third day, you become very proud, look how humble I am!...But if you let this mind be in you...your humbling is permanent. Not only that, God raised Him from the dead and gave Him the name which is above every name. In the name of Jesus every knee shall bow, every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord! I’d rather let the Lord in me raise me in resurrection (not in human glory, that is vainglory), to be one with the Lord in His kingdom. Let the Lord do that, let God do that rather than I trying to climb up. We don’t do that. There is no such thing in the recovery.

That is the oneness of the Body. If you find some division in the church, what should we do? Acts 15 is a very good example, how the church can solve the problems by thorough prayer and thorough fellowship. And I was there when 1987-88, the rebellion especially from Rosemead. When Rosemead rebellion occupied the meeting hall...I asked Br. Lee that we can get this meeting hall back through legal process. We can sue them. Br. Lee told me, no don’t do that. He was still hoping those rebellious ones would come to the table to pray and fellowship. He called one of the rebellious ones, “I can come, you tell me the time.” They called back saying, “No, we don’t want...” It is not Br. Lee. Br. Lee was the one who tried to keep the oneness of the Spirit. The rebellious, they didn’t know, were one with the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
12/17/2019
JLee
266
841

I still want to encourage you all…when you speak for the Lord, you have to exercise the Spirit. You have to speak from your inner being. This has to be a constant exercise to us. You know, it is easy, common, to read, speak off, the pages…But what we want you to practice here…learn to speak for the Lord and forth the Lord by exercising your inner being, your spirit. Not just to speak from your impression, your mind. So I’d like to remind you of this. Whenever you speak for the Lord, you have to exercise your spirit. Your inner being. And your spirit, when you speak by your spirit with your spirit, it echoes in other’s spirit. There is an echoing between the spirit. The deep calling unto deep.

Well, today, these two chapters actually unveil to us something really quite marvelous related to our living in the Body of Christ. The living in the Body of Christ is not a formality. It is not just a kind of outward arrangement. “I am saved. Now I have to go to meet with the church.” There is [something] much more intrinsic in our being in the church, in our being on the Body of Christ…The first matter is the anointing. This is the flowing of the Triune God into man. This anointing is nothing less than the very consummated Spirit Himself. The Spirit of reality reaching us. It’s the moving of the Triune God within us. That is the anointing…But today, this lesson is not about the anointing. It is about the Body of Christ. Today, what we are learning is not so much about the anointing. It is about the Body of Christ. In the Body of Christ is the anointing. The anointing flows. This one who came.

First in the Old Testament…God’s way was to commission someone to carry out a certain function, whether [by] anointing someone to be a king (e.g. Samuel to Saul or David). That is the indication of God’s commissioning. That is something official. Not a small thing have the anointing. Not everyone got anointed. It was a very special event where God comes to visit man and for the carrying out of His purpose…God sent His servants, His prophets to anoint (commission) certain ones…Don’t forget, this Christ, He is the anointed One. The very Son of God came to be the Christ, the anointed One. This One who is the center of God’s economy, this One, who is the embodiment of the Triune God, He is the Christ, the anointed…In another words, you may say that experientially…our participation in God’s economy, in God’s eternal purpose has everything to do with our experience of this anointed One, His anointed…If we don’t experience this anointing…we are detached. We are foreign from God’s economy. We are detached from this Christ. As soon as you touch Christ, you touch the anointed One. And His anointing flows. Psa. 133…We are not individual, isolated Christians who got saved. We all have been attached to Christ. We are His members…and spontaneously, automatically, we share the same anointing. You don’t have to ask for it. You don’t have to pray for it. As long as you are attached, part of that Body, that anointing is your portion…Many Christians, they struggle to survive, “Oh, how can I overcome, how can I be a victorious Christian?” All this is a strange word to one who…is attached to the Body. Can a finger say, “I am too weak, I cannot do that much.” Does it really matter? Yes, by itself, the finger has a very limited capacity. But as long as it is attached to the Body, it is powerful…And this little finger participates and enjoys in the flowing of life…from the head, throughout the entire body…The anointing is really like the nerves in the Body…Your head, your brain with the central nervous system…the decisions you are making, how are those thoughts and decisions sent to your legs, your feet, your fingers? We take it for granted. I just live. But as soon as one of your nerves get damage, you realize, “I cannot move my hand.”…When we are healthy, everything is spontaneous, very easy. But we don’t realize how much those nerves enable all these…hundreds, thousands parts in my being…as a wholesome entity…Just by certain nerve that gets damaged, your breathing cannot take place. I have seen this…That gave me a deep impression. How delicate this matter of anointing. This sense of life that we are talking about, which transmits to us the Head’s desire…And if we are not enjoying this anointing, if we are not connected to the Body to participate in this anointing, we have no idea. We just conduct ourselves many times in a foolish way, in a reckless way. We have been disengaged from God’s will from what’s in God’s thought because we don’t know what the anointing is. We don’t participate…And that anointing is simple the Spirit Himself. This is what Christ is all about. This crystals. This Messiah…is to bring this anointing to us. He is the embodiment of the anointing…If we see this message concerning the anointing and we live in the reality of the Spirit, touching this anointing, I tell you, you will realize…as long as I am attached to the Body, under the headship, I am an overcomer. Not so much to be measured by what I have or what I am, but I am attached.

Here, you enjoy the Body’s strength, supply, portion, just constantly coming to you…My experience of the Body of Christ, I have no down day. Not that I never got depressed, discouraged. Personally, yes I did. But somehow the supply of the Body comes and that lifts me up. And yes, I have failures. But I don’t just stop at the failures…But, if even in your failure you realize you failed not as an individual Christian, you fail even still as a member in this Body, the anointing reaches you. There you sense the Lord reaches you through your failures. You confess…apply His precious blood. Here there is no self-pity…You just get up…If I have some failure and the Lord use that to expose me,…I repent and go on. Why should I be here lingering…? This is all manifestations that you are still an individual Christian. In the Body of Christ, we enjoy this wonderful thing called “anointing” constantly. You don’t have to pray for it. It comes, all the time…2 Cor. 2. Paul talks about, “He who attaches us with Him, the anointed One—we are also anointed.” When, how? All the time, continuously.

And then you know the second message about the laying of hands. The word there in that message is identification. In the Body of Christ, we share the anointing with the Head…and flows down to all of us, all of His members. And after we are saved, we realize that, “God did not save me as a sinner individually,” and then sending us million, billion, individual sinners to heaven one day. It is putting His life into us, then He constitutes us to be a part of this organic Body of Christ. When we all are a part. You…me…she…We have a very intrinsic connection. The laying on of hands, both seen in the Old Testament as a type and practiced in the New Testament, in cases you have by the apostles…come to Samaria…The significance of laying on of hands is identification. We are part of the same Body. When you lay…, you testify that “I am not an individual member anymore.” I am part of this mysterious Body of Christ…We should look at ourselves as a corporate entity. We are not individual Christians. We are a corporate Body. Whether we have experienced physical laying of hands—some did. Although we don’t practice this so much these days so commonly, we do, we still do. Here and there, due to the leading of the Spirit we practice. I did it. Others also practice. But not as a common teaching we encourage…Just like tongue speaking and all these things, it can often be taken in just an outward way, becoming a formality without the reality. But this matter of laying on of hands reveals to us a very, very important principle in our living in the Body of Christ. That is, we need to be identified. How do you identify yourself? I am strong, I’ve gone to the training, I know the Bible, I love to preach the gospel…Or do you realize, “I cannot do anything without Christ and without the Body…?”…Philip had some success…The fruit of his preaching had to be identified with the Body. That is why Peter and John had to go there and lay their hands…Yes, Philip’s work was not his own work. It was part of the Lord’s Body.

So was Paul. When he was the Saul of Tarsus…By Ananias…a brother of no reputation…But here, that little one, being a member of the Body, came to identify Paul into the identification of the Body. His eyes were opened. Oh, brothers and sisters, in these two chapters, we touch some very, very crucial principles of the Body of Christ. If we see the matter of anointing, we are constantly under this anointing…“We are made full in Him.” You cannot experience this yourself as an individual believer. It can only be experienced as a member of the Body of Christ…With the rest of the Body. The anointing reaches us.

…When you do something, there is a possibility, not only that you may sin against the Lord, you may sin against the Body. Most Christians are sensitive, conscious of sinning against the Lord. But very few Christians are conscious that they may sin against the Body. What Matthew 18 reveals is that the sinning brother…The church came. When he refused to listen…he is an outsider. Which means what? We all need to be identified with the Body. None of us should look at ourselves just individually, “I am weak,” “I am strong.”…Forget about how you view yourself…Yes, we all have our own ministry…That needs to be understood in the sense that there is only one ministry…to build up the Body of Christ. But individually, we have particular ministry, that is, for the fulfillment of that unique ministry. So even though you and I may have our respective individual ministry, that is not for us to do the work for the Lord in ourselves individually. But whatever we do…needs to contribute to the building up of the Body of Christ…

Back to that Matthew 18. Let’s say that you did something. You have some conflict…You have incurred a difficulty with a certain part of the Body. That is serious because…that intrinsic also says that you have an offense with the Head. There is no such thing [as I love the Lord, I just don’t like him]. We all need to realize that in the Body of Christ, there is an identification. There needs to be the putting away of the old man and all the old association…And ushering us into a new realm.

So in the end, Br. Nee is talking about…“Brothers, we really don’t feel peaceful about your going that…” What do you say? “I’ve been fasting and praying…I feel hundred percent this is clear, this is of the Lord.” What would you do? If you see that you are identified with the Body of Christ, you will not make light of other members’ fellowship. It is not a small thing when around you there are saints, members, who are all connected, saying something contrary to what you want to do…This is where I found many saints fail. We fail to listen…to what other members are speaking to us. These members may not be apostles, coworkers…[but] an ordinary member…I have been ushered into this realm called the Body of Christ. The decision is not mine. The decision is a corporate decision.

This is touching what we have been entering into concerning the one new man. In the one new man, there is no individual decision. There is the corporate decision…We have to take it very carefully. It doesn’t mean that we just brainwash everyone…and agree with the same thing. That is [what] cultic people do…Here, we are experiencing the renewing in the spirit of the mind, allowing this Spirit, who is the anointing, to renew our mind…[Then], experientially, practically, we are about into this identification with the Body of Christ. Here we find supply, strength, peace, rest…Here, you are resting. You are in the Body, under the pouring out of the anointing, supplying you. When Satan comes to touch you. “No, Satan, you touch me, you touch the whole Body. Get away.”

Anyway, I hope I help you a little bit to see a little more.
12/3/2019
DSady
750
I like all the us’s in this hymn…

Sharing

So we have these two matters of authority and order. There is a great deal of overlap on the one hand. On the other hand, there is a challenge concerning what we are. We are, all by first birth, born as lawless men and women…We have no care for other’s…If we think differently, we simply think differently. Especially, in the American culture, everything is pretty much upside down. The Lord, to get His Body, to get the expression of His Body on the earth, has to assert what He is and what He desires. And it becomes the condition of our receiving life that we submit to His authority. To He Himself. Remember, authority means out of the being. It is what He is in His being. And God has given Christ all authority. So, to be joined to Christ to be joined to life. [If] we don’t have life, we are apart from the Son. But to have the Son, means that we recognize His authority. To be saved, regenerated, on our side is repentance, a change of mind to recognize what He wants, what He says—to take that rather than our own, natural understanding. So once we are regenerated, the life is flowing in us. That means the Son is flowing in us. We are enjoying Him. And His life has a demand. That demand can be all kinds of things. It can be clearance of the past. It can be attracting us to love Him so that we can give ourselves unreserved to Him in love, recognizing that we are not our own. This places us in a position where we give Him, at least with our words, with our heart, we give Him the first place. Although we have such a transaction with the Lord, our being has changed only very little. And so, we have sins that we continue in. And need to be brought again and again to repentance until that change in our mind, that change in our thought, our consideration, leads us into a deeper repentance and an abhorring of what we are and what we do, similarly with what we do with the world. Br. Nee’s book, Love Not the World, which is taken from “…the love of the Father is not in you.” In other words, we give ourselves excuses that it is okay to love other things. But we try to convince ourselves that He is our Abba Father. He is far away. The love of the Father is not in us. It is His love. He loves Christ. So gradually we are defeated again and again in these things. Our conscience. Then we know the anointing. We know the flowing of life more because of the dealing. But still, there is our natural being. On the one hand, like Job, we abhor our self. There is something so awful in us. We have our own desires. That is the self with its emotions in the soul. We desire what we desire. We like things the way we like them. We also choose what we want to choose. And once we choose, it is very hard, very difficult, for us to stop that direction and allow the Lord to have the first place. But that difficulty is overcome just like our desires and our thoughts by returning to the ground of consecration, which is that He has the first place in all things. If we don’t, we are in a dry land, as surely severed from Christ as if we were heretics. We can develop in our being a hard part. For example, with your wife, to realize this is God’s gift to you, and as the gift to you, there is a submission required to receive that gift. We are to shepherd one another. As I said like week, [or] week before, our most common complaint in the training that I hear is about roommates, teams, gospel partners, this person, that person, all dear sons of God.

So how do we get pass it? I’d like to jump to the last page or two. Where it talks about the evangelists, shepherds and teachers and so forth. How do these joints of the rich supply [supply] the Body? They must be those who has gone through the special training under the Lord’s hand. It doesn’t do any good to have the “better half”—if we despise their weakness. God made them that way. To be frustrated with the rambunctiousness of the junior high and high schoolers. That’s where they are in life. They are very nature. They hit each other. Make fun of one another. “They’ve gone through the special training under the Lord’s hand had have been molded by the special environment ordered by the Spirit.” So God orders the environment by the Spirit…the discipline of the Spirit. Not that you can be a spiritual canary singing in a cage but rather to be a supply of the Body. “They have the history of knowing Christ…instructed by Christ, qualified to transmit spiritual values…cross has wrought the things they minister to the Body into them first.” So, what is needed to minister to the Body is that we touch the Lord. The Lord can be authority. He can be grace. He can be life. He can come to us in many ways. But ultimately, all of those lead to the matter of His authority. Think of the New Jerusalem. Everything that proceeds from the throne doesn’t have the appearance, it doesn’t come with a heavy hand. It is the water of life. It is the tree of life. It is the transparent wall being built up. But authority is recognizing the headship of Christ. The authority of Christ is the source. And again and again, to be broken simply means to come under the authority of Christ. In our coordination, our fellowship, it’s easy, because we are natural men, to enter into disputes, insisting. Of course if we are a “good” trainee, we won’t voice our disagreement. And we may learn to go along. That’s better than voicing our disagreement and insisting on our way. Don’t resist. Don’t insist. But the real challenge to live in the Spirit is not to not resist or not to insist. It is to fellowship without insistence, without resistance, and go along with one another. We can seek others’ feeling. When they have a feeling, go along with it. After all we asked for it. Br. Nee gave a sharing at a couple’s wedding. And he told them, “When you have a disagreement,” maybe you are buying a furniture, “how do you decide now that you are two?” How do you decide? If the husband says, “I am the head, I make the money.” It is just ugly. You could try to use your natural being with its cleverness perhaps you learned in business school or life experience to manipulate. Or the wife may also manipulate. This is the natural way. And we do the same thing with one another when we want something. And we exercise our “Jacobean,” as in Jacob, nature, trying to get what we think we should get. Of course it is for ourselves. It’s for our preference, it’s for our desire, according to our concept and opinion. It is what we decided we can’t do without.

Br. Nee brings out in thes two chapters, in one of that there is the—husband tries to be the husband and exercises his headship. And Br. Nee says, well if he is not under the headship of Christ, he has no authority. And, Br. Nee once said, “If you try to establish your authority, maybe you are a house coordinator.” But you are only the house coordinator under the headship of Christ. So how do you manipulate everything…? You don’t. Learn to, with…riotous nature around you, yet standing with the Lord, holding the Head, until He can bring everything under subjection…This should break us. Cause us to be more willing to come under the headship of Christ, to realize what I really am.

Concerning the elders, “they are manifested in a spontaneous way through maturity in life. Their duty is to help others obey the Lord.” So you are on the campus and with the young people or the community work. And you have a new one, a young one. What is your job? Well, on the one hand, you can say it is to minister life. But they have no awareness of what they need to receive life. So how do you get them to the point of dealing with the Head? How do you help them to obey the Head? You might do it by example. The story o M. E. Barber, tugging on the dress that was already proper. Helping the sisters there to realize they have flesh. Flesh is evil. They are flesh. Unawares—And now they are aware…We might say, that is just an old lady. And now we argue with the Lord. And eventually the Lord, through mercy, if we are open, will defeat us.

Man being the head of the woman. I was looking at my—verses in Genesis. First the Lord in Genesis 3 deals with the serpent. Praise the Lord. So he’s going to be terminated. Then He says to the woman, “I will greatly multiply your pain in child bearing. In pain you will bring forth children and your desire will be to your husband and he will rule over you.” Rule over me? Do you think you can stand up in a college stand and speak this verse? You might get stoned. But then He spoke to Adam, “Because you listened to the voice of your wife, cursed is the ground.” This is God’s order in creation. And this is His dealing with what we are. We’d like to sing. “My chains fell off, my heart was free, I rose and went and followed Thee!” Well, that’s right. The chains are sin, rebellion. But it’s not an excess. It’s measured by our recognition of the authority of Christ and His representatives. Deputy authority is a big thing. Everybody rails against the president. Well, we haven’t had a president that could stand up in the measure of Christ. All of the nations are beasts. But they are God’s beasts. And He has set us in a culture in which we are to live Christ, no to be the same as the culture but to be an anti testimony. In HongKong right now…there is all kinds of protest against the civil government. The civil government is standing its stand. There is tear gas and people getting beaten and so forth. You may have a lot of feelings about such things especially if any of you are from or identify with HongKong. But when Br. Nee was in a conference in Europe, a Christian conference, the Japanese army was against China and China was fighting a losing battle. And there was a Japanese brother in front of him. He was asked to give a prayer. So he made a point in his prayer that we are not for China, we are not for Japan. We are for Christ. We are another people. 1 Cor. I think it’s 10. He refers to 3 kinds of people—the Gentiles, the Jews, the church. The church is another nature. It’s another kind of people. We have a different genetics, even. We belong to the Lord. We are His nation.

On one hand, we are in the country that we are in. We obey its law. If we go to another country, we are under their laws. That’s right according to God. So, a slave in Paul’s time would serve as Christ, as to Christ. He would exhibit Paul did in prison to manifest the virtues of Christ. Well, coming back now to trainee life, we need to submit to the pattern that we’ve been given in the training so that we can gain Christ. And if you can gain Christ in the training, you can gain Christ under any kind of boss. If he demands that you be obsequious. It is a catering to someone who has authority. And doing whatever they want in a servile way. That is my definition. We can…in that way…[When Jehovah came to Abraham,] He ran to get something to cook. And when they ate, he watched as they enjoyed the meal. Can we serve the Lord like that? If so, can we serve anyone like that? Can we be as to Christ toward our bosses, our masters?

There is a throne in the heavens. And order only comes out of the throne. People have turned the Bible into a book of revolution, that the Bible represents social justice. I know you’ve heard the other way. I know people that have the gospel of social change. But the Bible is not for social change. The Bible is for God’s kingdom. And only those that submit to the authority of the Head can bring in the kingdom to the earth. So in the beginning of the chapter on Authority, Br. Nee makes this point, “It is our—the church’s—submission to Christ.” Just because you are in a church doesn't mean the church is in submission. Everyone might be doing what is right in their own eyes. So we have to exercise ourselves to be under the headship of Christ, to recognize delegated authority, the authority in His word, the authority of the Spirit in us and in the church. Then we will be a factor, a Zion, in the church. And if we, together with others be such a Zion, there will be an influence to bring in life and light.

We take the Lord’s table very seriously because it is the Lord’s. And when something offends the Lord, it means that the whole church suffers because we are a corporate people. When Akon hid the Babylonian garment, all the people lost the battle. When that was exposed and judged by the Lord, then all Israel carried out, executed the Lord’s judgment and there was the blessing. They won the battle. There are somethings that offend the Lord, that He can’t abide with. One of those is idols. Heresies concerning the person, the nature of Christ. He has two natures. Concerning God being Triune. Concerning the Body of Christ being represented in the local church by receiving the believers and turning away from those that damage the Body or insult the headship of Christ. Then He is so jealous over us individually—in Thessalonians—to keep our vessels unto sanctification. Why? Because He made man in God’s image. And the sin that He wants to protect us from is the sin that is against our whole vessels, our own body. These are all very serious matters and cannot be allowed to be in the church.

Just like the—dealing with our conscience is like the proverbial shirt under the microscope to see the germs, the dealing with our natural life, with what we are, the self, the soul life, the natural life, the old man who has been crucified already, that dealing requires us to be very one with this Spirit, fine with the Spirit, to allow the Lord…When we lose our temper with a roommate, whoever, we get condemned that condemnation is a real suffering. It is the opposite of having the flow of life. From that, we learn that that is not pleasing to the Lord. We may try to justify it. But eventually we are in our mind. Self-justification, miserable, criticizing others. If we allow these experiences to become life to us, to accept the light, embrace the light, then, in our inner life, we will experience transformation. We will be cooperating with the Lord, extinguishing anything else.

So to know the authority, and to have the feeling of submission, toward members of the Body as well as toward the Lord is the law of the Body. It’s the law of the Body. It’s the law of life. We don’t want to be lawless. And then on page 824, well, that’s my book, “The Body moves under the control of the Head. Disobeying the law of the Body means weakness and death.” So now it’s your turn.

11/26/2019
DDong
846
847
Are they reality to us or are they just regulations and if we fulfill these we are in the Body? No, you are no in the body necessarily. The Body is the reality. What is the reality to you? What does the reality mean? Right? If you read 1 John 1:5, in the footnote there Br. Lee says that the reality is something that is real. What is real in the universe? Only God is real. Christ is real. The Spirit is real. The word is real. Everything about the Triune God and the word are real. Have you touched the reality? What is the reality? We know Colossians 2 tells us...the real body is Christ. So, is the Body that we are talking about, is it a shadow to you or you have seen the Body that casts the shadow? You may think you know but you don’t. I didn’t until couple years ago. I taught this for...All these are the manifestations of what Body does. But what is the Body? You gotta ask the Lord. “Lord, show me. I don’t want to just live in the shadows. I want to touch the reality.”

Another Comforter. The Spirit of reality. John 16. Wow. I have to be in my spirit. I have to be one with that Spirit so that the Spirit can bring me into the reality, not just the doctrines. [But] you can’t do, “Let’s forget about the doctrine. Just reality.”










One day the Spirit will pick up a doctrine and shine on it. For example, the Lord’s table. At the Lord’s table do you only see Jesus? Or, “How come he or she is not exercising?” “That’s the wrong song they mentioned.” You do not know what the Lord’s table is until the light shines on what you know about the Lord’s table. In the past you knew about the Lord’s table. You knew the rules and regulations. You used that knowledge to condemn others, criticize others, and you are very, very loose with your self. For instance, last Lord’s day at the Lord’s table your mind wandered and you excuse yourself. And you see another brother with mind wandering...you begin to criticize. But one day when the Lord’s light begin to shine, it becomes the reality. This is what we call the truth. You may go to the denomination and say, “Divisive!” But if you don’t have the reality, you are also divisive...Should we use the wine or use the juice? If we argue about these outward things, that shows where we are (in the knowledge side). We are looking form the material side of things, trying to point to the spiritual reality. That is just like looking at the shadow, which is material.

I am not Ron Kangas so I don’t have the gift of speaking. But I try to convey the reality. You shouldn’t get involved in one cup, two cups, hundred cups...You don’t look at the outward. You look at the reality.

Another thing is baptism. How many baptisms should we have? I had actually two baptisms—1957 then 1968 or something like that. How many baptisms have I had? In reality I only had 1. Ephesians 4. What does that baptism refer to? How many I am baptized? What water were you baptized? Should all go to Israel and get baptized there [like Jesus]? What do you think? Don’t think. That’s your problem. All these are coming from the thinking, natural thinking, concept. The blood of red heifer need to be applied over living water (flowing river). Should we all get baptized again in the river? That is material. You must touch the reality. That means you died with Christ.

We are baptized in the death of Christ. We are buried together with Him. It’s the reality. It is not just the talk. But most Christians, who are in their natural mind, it is...why did you get baptized twice? Red Sea and the Jordan River. How’s that? I can argue with you. Why not argue? Once, twice, five times, that is all one baptism.

The Body of Christ. Whether we have our physical body or not, there is the reality.

You must have the knowledge. For example, the Spirit wants to shine on you about baptism. He couldn’t find any baptism in your knowledge...When the Holy Spirit wants to shine, Wait a minute, where is baptism? There is no baptism his knowledge. How can I shine? You follow me? In these two years we give you all the knowledge. All these are knowledge to you. But don’t belittle the knowledge. It is a spectrum where the Holy Spirit can pick one item [at a time] and shine on it. Time and time again and again. It becomes more and more real. Realer and realer.

The body is more than the shadow. The body is a lot deeper. A lot more than just the shadow...Then you stay in the reality and you will find more and more and more of that reality.

To know the knowledge surpassing love of Christ that we may be filled unto the fullness of God. This is what Paul has been praying for us that we all maybe strengthened into our inner man...The Lord wants Christ. God-man living out...God cares for God-man.

I was very touched recently by this one verse. The Lord Jesus, before He was crucified, when being arrested...My kingdom is not of this world. That word really touched me because I live in this world and therefore I look around at things, I look at even spiritual realities, the Body of Christ, from the material point of view. What is the Body of Christ? I have to look at my own body. I am not wrong. 1 Cor. 12. Paul uses that. But, what is the reality? “My kingdom is not of this world.” Hmm? What does that mean. That means the reality is not material. I was in one place and then there was a kind of exhibit...There was antique car show. 1934 Cadillac, first Ford model T. Today they are worth millions. And this rich guy showed off his antique cars. Instead of Monet and Van Gogh...Anyways, they show off. One brother asked me, “Which car do you like?” I told him, “My kingdom is not of this world.” Hallelujah! I am beyond all this! This means nothing to us because we touched the reality. My God is the banker. My Father who owns everything. Anyway, you can talk like that but is that the real thing to you? Are you really touching the spiritual reality and not just the material things?

What is the Body of Christ today?...Some would say, “Lord, we need Br. Lee! We need him! Heal him!” Some would pray, “Lord, you know how much he has given up for You!” Br. Lee, wine day, in his message said, “Don’t pray for me like that. If you pray for me like that, it singles me out. Then I will be a target for Satan. He knows the Body. He knew the Body and he wanted us to hide him in the Body.” Wow, we never thought of it like that. Br. Nee...No member is dispensable. “Lord, we need this...” The Lord says, “Okay, I can take him and see what I will work it out.” We give up everything for the Lord. It is what we are should do. There is no credit on my side...Whether you like it or not, we are His. Br. Lee told us, one time, “If you want to pray for certain ones, don’t tell the Lord, ‘Lord this one loves You so much.’ Pray, ‘Lord, You love this one so much. Heal him.’” Can we learn to pray not sticking out a brother? You have to realize Satan is a very good sniper.

All authority. So, we the Body have the same authority as the Head if we are in the reality of the Body, that means we are in oneness with our Head. So we have a full protection. The Body is fully protected. Satan does not dare to touch the Body because the Body is Christ. Do you see this? Christ is Christ. The Body is secondary. No. Lord, show us the reality. The limitation of the Body. Watchman Nee talked about, even Br. Lee talked about over functioning and under functioning...

You all live in the right and wrong.

Let me ask you, what’s difference between the ministry of the Body and the ministry in the Body? The ministry of the Body means your function is of the Body. Because you are a member of the Body and you get the riches of the Head, you supply to the Body. And what is the ministry in the Body? You don’t dare to minister without the Body. You do everything in the Body. Even if you are alone, you are in the reality of the Body, you are still in the Body. But even if you are in the meeting with all the brothers and sisters, if you do not have the reality of the Body, you are not in the Body. Your ministry is not in the Body nor of the Body. When we stand up to prophesy, are we conscious of the Body? Were you aware of the Body, supplying the Body? Or do you just think it is a job? “I am a trainee and I am supposed to give a good prophecy.” But when you were speaking, were you aware that actually there are other members supplying you? Our ministry is not in the Body [otherwise]. This is a good knowledge.

Let’s have the knowledge first. Don’t worry about the reality yet. Be open to the Lord because the Lord is the light. 1 John 1:5. God is light. When you contact the Lord, you may not even ask the Lord about the reality of the Body...praying for something, and all of a sudden the Spirit will shine on the matter of the reality of the Body...I hope the Lord would have mercy on us...It requires us, in our daily living, to have a fellowship...If your mind is in criticizing this brother...I don’t think the Spirit will shine. But if you are fellowshipping with the Lord, “I don’t care about Vedens, Daniel, Andrew, whether they treat me well—I just enjoy you Lord.” Just like the mirror. Second Corinthians 3:18. The glory of the Lord (not the face of another brother, not the problems of Jesus). Hebrews says that for the joy set before Him He endured the cross. We are to behold the glory of the Lord! Then the light can shine. Then chapter 4 you have God who shined...If you behold the face of Jesus Christ, the light shines. If you don’t behold the face of Jesus Christ—biking, not fellowshipping with the Lord, I don’t know what you are thinking...sorry, there is no light. But if you are really like Paul, enjoying the glory of the Lord. God will say, “Let there be light!” And the light shines on one point of your knowledge. That will make a reality. Then you will have the truth, the reality.

So please don’t belittle the knowledge. You do not have the reality yet. You have some reality but not all. But we pray that all the knowledge we will give you will allow the Lord in the future to shine on you...You will fail many times...Allow the Lord to shine. You can also ask the Lord. “Lord, please shine on me about the reality of the Body.” In the universe there is something called the Body of Christ and I need to touch it. Your kingdom, our kingdom, is not of this world. We have to realize that. Okay?
11/18/2019
Reading:
	-	The Head is only Head over the Body. Unless we are standing on the ground of the Body, we cannot claim the headship of Christ, and if we cannot claim the full authority of the Head, we cannot know the fullness of life that streams from the Head.
	-	Every local church is the manifestation of the Body of Christ in that locality.
	-	When we touch the local church, we touch the Body.
	-	Participating in the fellowship of the local church is participating in the fellowship of the Body of Christ.
	-	When we are in the Body, receiving the riches of the Body, we know God’s will, have the authority of the Body, and experience the power of the Body.

Intro:
We come to chapter 4 and 10 of the book, the Mystery of Christ. Although these two chapters are separated by 5 other chapters, they are very much related in that they focus on our need of the Body on the positive side.

So far we have seen that the church is the corporate Christ and that in order to know the Body of Christ we have to deal with our natural life. But we also have to realize the need of our absolute dependence on the Body and the vital importance of the Body of Christ even to our Christian life because the supply is of the Body and the riches of Christ are in the Body.

Moreover, as we will see, when we are in the Body, in the supply of the Body, receiving the riches of the Body, we know God’s will, we have the authority of the the Body, and we experience the power of the Body.


11/18/2019
DSady
837
What is a vital group? Members functioning together. Before they function, it is the members’ living together in the life of Christ. It is not a small thing to have fellow members of the Body of Christ coordinated and blent together for God’s interest, bearing one another, caring for one another, and caring for the Lord’s interest. If you have a five talented member, you would think that they would not need anyone else. But it is very clear, from Watchman Nee’s testimony and Br. Lee’s testimony, that they were not some great one out there by themselves. But they lived in the Body, for the Body, received the supply in the Body from the members, and depended on the Head in that, who is manifested through the members, enjoying the riches of Christ in the members. And Br. Lee in his later ministry he spoke a lot about blending. What is it to blend? To be a vital group is simply to be in the reality of the Body of Christ. To be in the Zion of Jerusalem, the high peak. It doesn’t matter who it is with you. You might change groups several times over a period of years. But in every group you are just a member. And able to receive and fellowship in mutuality.

This mutuality is related to blending. In order to blend, we need to stop ourselves. I will just read you a short paragraph from the Knowledge of Life, the last chapter, “We should put a stop to ourselves. What does it mean to put a stop to ourselves? It is to put a stop to our views, our ways of looking at things, our feelings.” Have you ever said, “I feel?” “Our opinions, and words, etc. We all know that to stop is not an easy matter. There are only few who can really stop in this way. Yet, being unable to put a stop to ourselves is also a veil. A serious veil, which prevents us from being enlightened in the light.” So we have to put a stop to ourselves in or to blend. Then we have to be open. And opening means to put a stop. And we need to have a much and thorough prayer and a much and thorough fellowship. The Gospel of John has a subject: Life and Building. Life is for building. God’s life in us has a direction. And that direction is the building up of His Body. So our purpose in being in mutuality is the Body of Christ. The increase of Christ in one another to enjoy Him that He would be all and in all. Not I, not you, but Christ. You are not my favorite. I am not your favorite. Christ is everything. All we care for is Christ in one another. That is where He is.

In the supply of the Body, it talks about not being able to be separated from one another. Well, that is a fact. The question is: How is this experienced? What does that mean not to be able to be separated? Kind of like an eternal security. Is that just a fact? Or can we experience being held in Christ’s hand and the Father’s hand. Can we experience being held in the Body? Dependent on the Body? So this brings us to some verses that I would just like to read related to mutuality. And there is a lot of them here in our reading and elsewhere. Romans 12:5. Are we members of one another? And how far does that “one another” extend? When we have difficulties do we bear them ourselves because we don’t want to be exposed. But do we avail ourselves to the supply in the Body. The supply is there. And you may realize, it is not every member that can meet that need. But there is a member. Or some members. You might start with your vital groups, if there is such a thing. But you may realize, this is bigger than what the brothers or sisters can bear, or what they’ve grown into. It is beyond their growth in life. So you avail yourself with others. The expression of the Body is in the local church. But the fellowship of the Body is universal. There is no such thing as the fellowship of the Body being limited to a local church. A local church is the expression. The fellowship is universal. We are always free to fellowship. Not to find those who would agree with us, but to be helped because we are not so open. Romans 12:10, you have, “Love does not evil towards its neighbor. Therefore, love is the fulfillment of the law.” It is interesting that in Ephesians, in every chapter, you touch the matter of love. You touch the matter of the spirit. And yet Ephesians is a book on the building, on the Body. What kind of love is this? It is love that includes everyone—even nonbelievers. It is the love that includes all the brothers and sisters, but has no preference. The only preference is to the household of faith. Paul says in Philippians, let love be with all discernment. This means that our love is not natural, it is not blind. We need the discernment. What happens if I have love but I do not have discernment? If we are in a vital group, if we have a vital group—well, we have a vital partner, then everything passes through that fellowship. “Should I go to visit my relatives?” Should I do this, go there? We need the Body. We need the prayers. We need the intercessions. We need the sight. We need the feeling. This is not just to do what others say. We have a spirit. But there has to be a one accord. In Acts 15, it says that they became of one accord. It is not a problem not to be in one accord. The problem is to remain there. So how do we become of one accord? It is through much and thorough prayer individually and corporately. And much and thorough fellowship. Then we get the supply of the Body. This Lord’s day I had some burden. And two of the brothers were encouraging to share something. But one of the brothers haven’t said anything. So in the middle of the meeting I fellowshipped with them, “How do you feel?” This is a meeting of the church. I can’t just say whatever I want to say. I fellowshipped some things, some feeling. He felt good. Then I felt released. I had no freedom to share anything until I knew that he would be happy. It is not because I cared for his soul-life. But because he has a portion of Christ. It is not a bad thing to be limited. It is a safe thing. If he had said maybe this, maybe that, I have a different feeling. Amen. I can readily agree, I don’t have all the gifts. The gifts are in the Body.

Then in verse 16, “Be of the same mind toward one another.” Verse 10 is “love one another warmly in brotherly love.” One another. We have to resist that part of our being that would not love another. “Be of the same mind toward one another.” If a brother has a feeling, we just say, “Amen.” Whether we do it or not depends on more fellowship. But we can at least agree. “Preach the gospel?” Amen! Church needs to preach the gospel. Our small group needs to preach the gospel. Our vital group, our companions, we need to preach the gospel. Well, so you might need to do a lot of things. Of course you have your assignment. And may the Lord breakthrough in every assignment. But it takes a lot of fellowship to find the Lord’s mind. “Be of the same mind toward one another.” That is mutuality. “Not setting the mind on the high things. But going along with the lowly.” Somebody has a crazy idea but it is not heretical. They feel to do it. What is wrong? Do not be wise in yourselves. The Spirit may be in that, to help them learn how to fellowship instead of just giving their opinion. How do they learn to be in one Body if you can’t be in one Body with them?

Then in chapter 13 verse 8, “Hold nothing to anyone except to love one another.” One another. Paul was a “one another” person. He had no peace in his spirit until he found Titus, his brother, so that he could find out what was happening in Corinth. Completely in the sense, the feeling, the burden, for the churches, for the saints; one another. Your vital partner, you may, before you go back to your room, fellowship, you are just burdened about something, concerned about something. The next morning you greet each other. And he says, “Has the Lord spoken anything about that matter?” Because you’ve prayed also. You bear it together. It may be personal. It may be a matter related to the church. It may be all kinds of things. But you are just with one mind, one soul, moving forward. And maybe that is enough. If you look at Romans, there is a lot of one another’s ones you get to chapter 12.

Then in the chapter on riches, I think I covered that point. Then this matter of different ways that we can receive guidances from God. Here he mentions the Bible, the Holy Spirit. Sometimes we even mention the environment. But what about the Body? Christ is Head of the Body. The supply is in the Body. The riches are in the Body. You saints can readily see that my portion is limited. It may be a portion of the unlimited Christ is there. But it is limited. It is not what other brothers has, not what other sisters have. We need all the members with the riches of Christ. Sometimes in the eldership, we fellowship literally for months and years. And the Lord takes us step by step, slowly. Agonizingly. The agony is for the sake of the saints, the Body. It is not troubling to us. And the Lord clears up a situation. He helps the situation. The church is brought into more light. The lampstand is trimmed. More oil is added in. And it is brighter. But it is a process. So he uses this phrase, “A person who see the Body seeks fellowship and accepts the leading of the church.” One of the brothers were fellowshipping with me about this statement, “Often a decision in rural area proves to be better than a decision from a church in the city…it does not arrive from…but…corporate seeking.” Corporate seeking means everyone stops. Not whose opinion is better. Maneuver and politics. Nor, “Brother so and so got an MBA, let him be our treasurer…and he…take the lead in the administrative things. And you went to the Full-Time Training. How about you be the one who does whatever.” If you are in the rural area church…they may say, “Brother, join us in being nobody.” It is the corporate seeking in the one accord that gives the church the leading, the guidance.

Chapter 8 of the coordination of the elders have some good examples. I would like to spend the rest of the time reading to you. I hope that is alright. You know, the elders are a miniature within the church of what the whole church should be. And whether the elders are that or not, the vital groups will be the same. Zion in Jerusalem. So although this is about the elders, I believe it will be of help. “It is regrettable to have elders…without consciousness that they need coordination in order to be capable in everything.” Can you be capable in everything? “It is not enough for an elder to be capable in one area or part only. Elders have to be capable in everything.” How do we meet every need? “Surely, many times they feel they cannot meet the many needs of the church. There are many things that we should see that we haven’t see, should think of that we should have thought of…have guarded against…have brought up.” It is an impossible job. Just think about shepherding one other person. How many things we don’t think about. We forget to look something up. How to help them. Fellowship about how to help them. Pray with someone. Intercede. “Many things we should have said but have not said. From our experience, we have found out that the elders have to be capable in everything yet in many areas we have fallen short. For this reason, we have to see that the elders must be coordinated.” Today, we may use the word ‘blended.’ “Because one member cannot be capable in everything. Only the Body is capable in everything.” Just to give you and illustration. In Fullerton we had a corporate Lord’s table. And it wasn’t that there was a bad feeling. But there was just like a, maybe a—not a wet blanket, but—wet sheet over the meeting. Just something wasn’t right. I sensed that and fellowshipped with another brother in the eldership. He had the same feeling. But we didn’t know what it was. So we brought the matter. You might say, “What matter?” Our feelings. To the brothers. And they all prayed. Sought the Lord. And in the coming weeks, we realized that in one of the districts there were parties. Mostly parties by the sisters. But the brothers were responsible for it too. And then we prayed about what to do. How do we, and of course we couldn’t come up with anything, so we were just before the Lord. In fellowship. Out of our fellowship we realized, well, maybe we can give a little mini conference to that district. Why not? Then what do we fellowship about? So one of the other brothers suggested, “Let’s ask Ron, he may have some feeling.” So he went, fellowshipped with Ron, described the situation that we became aware of. Gossip. Divisive feeling. And he pointed us to some chapters in a book. They were perfect. It was enough light that everybody could realize what we are talking about, why we are addressing this. Or at least enough people, that the situations can change. Are there residuals? Probably. Possibly. But at least that district is going on. It is under some more blessing. No one person can do or be anything. The problems, the situations, are way beyond us. And for Christ to express Himself through a mouth, through an ear, to hear, to see, to taste something, smell something, spiritually speaking. If I started to think of an illustration, be feet. Be a happy feet, not listening to you all telling me, “Watch out!” Not opening my eyes to get the benefit. If I did that, this table would be a Satan to me. This is just getting in my way. Have you ever thought of another saint being Satan just because they didn’t agree with you? It is not unheard of for a brother or sister to think that their wife or husband is the enemy. If they stay in that concept, they would have lost the kingdom of God. Br. Lee once wrote in the Life-study of Mark concerning chapter 10 of Mark that the first thing that will decide, whether we can enter into the kingdom the next age is how we take care of our marriage. How do you take care of your family? What is your relationship with your mother, sister, brother, father? How do we relate to one another? All of these are Body matters. When the Lord Jesus was taking care of things and the house of packed with people, His mother and His brothers were outside thinking He was mad (crazy), off His rockers(?). What is going on? My mother and brothers thought that about me. Giving up wonderful job situations. At least twice in my life. But the Lord looked at those around Him and said, “This is my mother, this is my family.” On the cross, “woman, this is your son, take care of John.” “John, this is your mother.” Not in a natural relationship. She is not going to cook his favorite meal now. But in the Body. You may cook a meal for someone. So this is the love side. I was in a traffic evidence once and was on disability because my brain got shook a little. And a brother came over with a crate on a shoulder of asian pears. Those things were delicious. I was really shepherded by what he did. This was grace. Not just asian apples. It was love. Grace is love expressed. So this is the fellowship in the Body. And when we joined with one another for the Lord’s interest, there was nothing that can stop God from being expressed. We can hear, we can see, we can know. We have all the experiences at our beckon call. Who do we fellowship with? Where do we go to get the answer? Where is the supply? We need to supply this part of the Body. That part. And we do it. It is easy. Living Stream Ministry has a Monday prayer time. And the brothers were gracious enough to spread their wings to DCP so we get invited…and it is amazing the things we pray for. The book fair in the Arab world, the books arriving, going through customs. Step by step. A brother being able to get a visa to go there. Then we pray for a brother or sister who is ill, getting an operation. Safety of the campus. The trainees. Training. There is nothing ruled out. The whole Body comes into view. A conference in this country. A brother moving to another country, another city. There is a Body consciousness.

Eventually there is no—we just have the churches expressing the Body. We have the ministries supplying the Body. And we have the work increasing the Body. All our the Body. They have their role, their function. The local churches expresses the Body with all the local churches. The ministry ministers Christ with all the other parts (joints…). And the work increases the Body…All three of these. But they are definitely different but not separate. So everything is in the Body. And in the Body we are not limited. In the Body we can fellowship and fellowship for weeks, like I’ve discussed, and the whole thing can be expressed to the church. In one hour. Some of the messages, this Thanksgiving, we may realize something that is on the Lord’s heart is injected into the Body…This last summer training we surely received this kind of word. So, each one of us can learn to speak the same thing. When we hear what the ears have heard and what the mouths have spoken, we can hear it again and speak it again. It doesn’t mean we are an ear. It just means we have an ear. The Lord is speaking to the churches. The churches hear. And they respond. Then those churches are blessed because they hear not only what is spoke for their situation but all the other situations. So you have a golden lampstand that is indistinguishable from all the other golden lampstand. All hearing, seeing, feeling the same. We are done.
11/11/2019
	-	Sarah

The Body of Christ being the consummation of the work of the cross:
The consummation of the work of the cross is the church. The work of the cross goes as far as the Body of Christ and consummates with the Body of Christ. Hence, the knowledge of the cross brings us to the knowledge of the Body of Christ. The cross brings a man to a state of weakness and inability, one in which he totally loses hope in the old creation. When he is brought to this point, he is delivered in a real way from the old creation and brought into the new creation. Everything is the old creation has been condemned and terminated by the cross. The Body of Christ is the new creation; it has nothing to do with the old creation. If we resort to human methods, tactics, and skills (which we have used in the past) to deal with the affairs of the church, the result will only be disastrous. God does not approve of anything that is from the old creation, and He will not allow anything from the old creation to remain in the new creation. Everything of the old creation must pass through the cross and remain on the cross. The church has no use for anything that comes from the old man. The church only takes that which issues from Christ.

When man fell, he fell because of his own concepts, choices, and judgments,. Therefore, God will not allow anything that issues from the old creation to gain the upper hand. The “backbone’ of the natural man must be broken; the hollow of his thigh must be touched. Before he will submit to God, he must be crippled and fall flat on his face. This is what God is doing in the new creation. He is smashing everything of the old creation, and He is constituting us with everything that issues from Christ so that we can become the Body of Christ in practicality. I saw the evil of man’s flesh twelve years ago in Philippians 3, Romans 5, and John 5. For seven months I was hesitant to make any move at all, because I knew that everything that issued from the flesh would be rejected by God. God wants to remove everything in man that is from the flesh. God’s children must first deal with the natural life. If they deal with their natural life, they will be in the Body spontaneously, because the Body of Christ is composed of everything that issues from Christ. Nothing of the old man can remain in the Body. As soon as a man passes through the experience of Romans 5 through 8, he can enter into the experience of Romans 12.

Today the church is divided because Christians are living in the wrong realm and the wrong sphere. Christians are not living in the new creation or in the reality of the Body of Christ. They are living only in the superficiality of doctrines, which belongs to man’s natural life and is part of man’s oldness. If every Christian was willing to be dealt with and to leave the natural things and the old creation behind, and if every one of them was willing to live in the reality of the Body of Christ, there would be no more divisions. May the Lord be merciful to us to see what the Body of Christ is. May the work of the cross usher us into the Body of Christ.

	-	Briana

11/12/2019
DSady
818
So the, uh, illustration of the bee hive is very good. The fact is that the bees have a certain lifespan just like any other creature. So if the queen dies, the whole hive is without its purpose because everything is centered on the queen. And, at that point, either you can merge two hives together or that hive will die. So, the bees can actually join with another hive and just organically function together as one hive. This means there is no preference among the bees. Even they develop according to the need of the hive into different kinds of bees. So if there is a different need in the church where you go, you may find your function changing, your expression changing so that you function in the church according to what is needed in that part of the Body. Similarly, you may think you are built up with a brother or sister somewhere. But when you are relocated, you find that there was actually building or there isn’t. The difference is whether or not we live by Christ in the spirit, whether there is growth in life. So we do have a kind of corporate life. A life that needs every member in order to express Christ. So the church, whether the church universal or church local, the church is in a region, the church needs every member. Once we realize this, we have a care for the members and they function together with the members. And there are the illustrations of opening to a member. And that member, rather they are someone that we would normally despise or think highly of, it doesn’t matter, as long as we open to them, we receive the supply in the Body.

We may think we are not what somebody else is and therefore be jealous, be defeated, think that we are not worth anything. Or, we may be quite proud of what we think we are and have and think that we don’t need others to function, others to fellowship…you should be the center of everything. Both of these are the same problem. It is not a matter of what we think. It is the matter of where we are in growing life in Christ. The revelation that sin keeps us from seeing Christ—so when we repent, we see Christ. When we confess, we get more of Christ. It is wonderful. So eventually in 1 John 1, we walk in the light, we confess, there is more of Christ, more of the flowing of life, more of the fellowship of life. But to see the Body, we have to see the old creation. The old man, as the head of the old creation. We have to see the embodiment of Satan, the self, our opinion, our preference. Our ambition. Wanting to be something. Wanting to be a certain kind of member…to be satisfied with the Lord’s placement of us sovereignly…As we struggle, we discover that we are fighting against the Lord as life in our being. We are fighting against the Body-Christ. So we may find ourselves not being severed from the Body because of sin but severed because of our own aspirations. They may be good aspirations. They may be, what’s the word, socially acceptable. Not, a, something that would be gasped about. But all will go, “That’s good, I agree with that.” And yet it is not Christ. We have our philosophy. Even our family philosophy. Our cultural philosophy, regional philosophy. Born in the North East and someone say something about New Yarkers and Bostonians. And you feel offended. Or about the South. Or Californians. This is because we are still individuals. We are still old creation men. So to see that what we are, Br. Nee says in one place, for seven months he didn’t dare initiated anything because of what he saw, for the fear of initiating out of what he is.

What we are is quite ugly. If we see that we think we are better than others we have a superiority complex—what a shameful thought. If we are so deep in ourselves that we have an inferiority complex, thinking only others have Christ, denying the very Christ in us, and then whom we live, who is doing everything for us, we are really pitiful in our thinking. So we have to have a big turn away from depending on our own thoughts, our own aspirations, our own energy, and be brought through Romans 7 to Roman 8. From, “wretched man that I am, who can deliver me,” to the law of the Spirit of life, the consummated Spirit. And this Spirit brings us not only through all the experiences of life, but to Romans 12, where we can begin to see the Body, know the Body, know that we are members one of another. In Colossians, it says that Christ is all and in all. Isn’t that marvelous? Christ is in all the members! So, if someone is annoying, Christ is in them! Can you see Christ? Can you fellowship with the Christ in them? If we despise our brother, we are despising one for whom Christ died, true, but we are actually despising one in whom Christ is growing, moving. If every member is needed for the Body to be expressed, for Christ to be expressed on the earth, for there to be the church, there as an expression of the Body in a city, that means that The unlearned members, the young members, even the natural saints, are needed in the Body. Philadelphia is God’s goal. What kind of view do we have to have to be Philadelphia? Simply to know the Body. To be delivered from individuality, individualism. We have to be delivered. We speak Christ in a meeting, in a fellowship, and we are ministering in the Body, receiving ministry in the Body. But the tree of the knowledge of good and evil is in us through our flesh, through our natural constitution, through our cleverness, and manifests itself again and again. So we have to live a life of crucifixion. A life of putting to death. So on the one hand, we not only don’t think highly of ourselves, but on the other hand, we can’t think that we don’t have Christ. We have a measure of the gift of Christ. A measure of grace.

Br. Nee’s expressions in this book are like lightning flashes all over the page. Just ripping away the veils. But it is so easy for them to seemingly fade. So it takes some exercise to dwell on them. So I encourage you, in the chapters to come, dwell on the expressions, on the unveilings. Let them become your masticating—something you can chew on. Something you can muse on.

The dealing with our natural constitution is not something you are likely to have a lot of experience of at this time. But what we eat gets into our being. And what is in our being, what enters into our spirit is something that can feed us. At the appropriate time the Lord will remind us of those words, that light, we will have a sense, a feeling, a realization, that the revelation in the chapter becomes our seeing. The Body life is really a joy. It is full of supply. We apprehend with all the saints. So maybe we can have all of us, now, speak something from these two chapters…What He speaks in us can become our speaking and build up the Body.

…

Christ can’t be expressed by me or by you in His full personality. When you look at apostle Paul and think, “What kind of vessel is this, that can complete the word of God?” And then you look at apostle Peter and you see someone who is so rich in the expression of Christ, and then John, so different. But they function as one speaking so that we can see Christ, know Christ, by reading the word and eventually know the Body by reading the word. So it needs all of us with all our portions to express Him. Eventually, it is just one expression. It is not, “I have a part.” The part I have has to be with others. My finger tip can’t do much without my hand, without my forefinger, my arm, my body. We are all members one of another. And we have a member life. And that is the life that we have. We don’t have a so-called Christian life. We have a member life. We don’t have a individual life. To go on as a so-called Christian, we have to receive from other members as a member. So, really, we are members. and the Body is the Body of Christ. And we are members of Christ and of one another.

If the cross terminates in the Body, then everything that Christ has accomplished is for the Body, unto the Body. If His ascension is just for His exaltation, then it is wonderful, but that is not the termination, the end, of His process. He has poured out. He is always supplying the Body. He is to the church. So the church is His goal. The church as the Body is His goal. And eventually the New Jerusalem is not something other than the church. It is just the Body of Christ built up and consummated. So today we can have all the aspects of the New Jerusalem in the Body life, in the church life.

I would like to just read this little section. “The cross brings a man to a state of weakness and inability, one in which he totally loses hope in the old creation.” So this is not a state of self-pity. This is a state of realization self-pity has no purpose. It is worthless. All our…has to go. “When he is brought to this point, he is delivered in a real way from the old creation and brought into the new creation. Everything is the old creation has been condemned and terminated by the cross. The Body of Christ is the new creation; it has nothing to do with the old creation.” So the first day, moments, of a new believer’s new life, their spirit is born with Christ in it. Paul expressed that Christ was revealed in Him. This is the new creation, our regenerated spirit. And with that comes a new heart with the new mind, new feelings. We can weep and regret our sins, our rejecting of Him. We can rejoice and be happy, being with the saints. That doesn’t go away when a person gets discouraged and stops coming to the meetings. They are eternally born. They have an eternal part. Or when they get angry or self-absorbed, so that all depends on our seeing. What we care for, do we care for them doing bad? No, that is disappearing. There is something coming into being. All their failures, even, will lead to their self-effacing realization that they are not. And then God can reveal Himself as the One who is in them. And then they can begin to live a member life. So we are all in this process. We need the renewing of our mind concerning all the saints because it takes time. To see the Body will really take time. It is not instant. So all the Jacobs will say, “Few and evil are my days,” at the end of the journey. But through the journey we may get lost. So we need to find each other. Touch one another’s spirit, wash one another’s feet. This is the Body life. This is what the Lord charged us in John 13 to do for one another. Jude says, Even if a garment is really ugly, meaning your behavior, you can hate the garment, but we can rescue the person out of the fire. This is the full gospel. Right? Ends in the Body life expressed in the local churches in Romans.
10/21/2019
The fourth aspect of the living of the Body of Christ is that of taking life and the Body as the principle. To take life as the principle is to take the intrinsic life of God, which is Christ as the embodiment of God (1 John 5:11-12), and not man’s outward conduct and morality (Rom. 9:11b; Gal. 2:16a), as the principle. Our principle, as Christians and even as trainees, should not be good conduct and a good moral standard. We have to live Christ out, not morality. Therefore, we must love Christ and draw near to Christ. Then all our virtues such as gentleness, politeness, humility, and patience will not be our own striving but the living out of Christ from our spirit.

Furthermore, our living also takes the Body as its principle. Each member of the Body of Christ lives Christ out by the Spirit of life (Phil. 1:19-21a). At the same time we live corporately, not individualistically. Only by a corporate living and a living out of Christ in coordination will we have the living of the Body of Christ, which will be the fullness of Christ for expressing Him (Rom. 12:5; Eph. 1:23). We should accept the regulation of the Body of Christ in order to live out the life that has the Body of Christ as the principle.

10/22/2019
JLee
You haven’t gotten into the depth, the revelation presented in this message...There is a lot of technicality. You need to stop and pray and dig into these words. Otherwise you pick up the terms. On one sense you presented correctly according to the printed page. But I didn’t sense the impartation of any kind of light. These points have not really hit you. In other words, you are still treating these as just something on the surface. I just encourage you...when we come to this matter of the Body of Christ, we are touching something intrinsic, something deeper, something hidden even. You should not just stay on the surface. Br. Lee always says we like to skate on the ice. You do some beautiful moves but you never break the ices to get down to the bottom. So prayer is needed. You need to spend some time to open your being...Lord, what does it mean? What is it to take Christ as our center, our goal? You have to open item by item. There are particular utterances here...We still have more of the messages to come. You need to exercise your spirit to labor, to dig into these things.

After seeing the elements, essence, and the reality of the Body of Christ; that is more of a vision of how the Body of Christ is constituted. That is has the element, human and divine. And also the essence, that which is just the Spirit Himself to be the intrinsic essence and also the reality, which is also the Spirit Himself. With all the processes that the Triune God passed through. And His divinity, humanity, crucifixion, resurrection, and these effectiveness in these processes, becoming the reality in the Spirit to constitute the Body of Christ.

How we come to see who we live in the Body of Christ. Now we have seen, we have gained the vision how the Body of Christ is constituted. Now, how do we live in this Body of Christ? First the message presents to us the relationship between the Body of Christ and the Triune God. This is based on Ephesians 4:4-6, one of the most profound verses in the whole Bible. By means of these seven items of oneness...one Body, one Spirit. One hope. One Lord. One faith. One baptism. One God and Father of all...Very simple words. Just one, one, one, one, one, one, one. But the revelation here is profound, showing us that the Body of Christ is intimately related to the Triune God, the Father, the Son, and the Spirit. And intimately related to the process of what? The one baptism, the one faith. Baptism as a termination. As the ending of our old life, old relationship. And the union, one faith. One hope. So the Body of Christ is intimately related to the Triune God. Himself. Surely the one Spirit is important put next to the one Body. These seven items is to describe to us what these one Body is. And how this one Body should be lived out. So the first item is the one Body. Although God is the first, the foremost, Paul is talking about one Body. We should be diligent to keep the oneness of the Spirit. The uniting bond of peace. Then there is one Body and one Spirit. Here in this speaking Paul right away put forth the Body as first. One Body and closely related to it is t one Spirit, resulting in the one hope of glory. This one Body with one Spirit are intimately related. If there is no Spirit, there is no Body. How much there is the reality of the Body depends on how much of the reality of the Spirit is there. More Spirit, more Body. One Body, one Spirit. This one Spirit is the very essence, the intrinsic content, the reality of the Body of Christ. Then the next group of three items is the one Lord, one faith, one baptism. One Lord is the element. You have not only the essence. Now you have the element. The Lord, who is the Son of God...This element was imparted into us and now is possessed by us through the process of one faith and one baptism. The one faith that joins us to Him and the one baptism that terminates all our old and past relationships. Finally there is the one God, who is the Father of all. That is the source, the origin. The Body of Christ has the essence, that is the most intrinsic part. And also the Body of Christ has an element, that is Christ Himself. And also the Body has a source. That is the very Father Himself. He is the origin, the initiation. It is so rich. It is so wonderful that just in these three very short verses, in a very economical way...the essence, the element, and the substance (source)...resulting in our hope of glory.

Then in order to see our living in the Body of Christ...we cannot live in the Body of Christ without realizing our need to live in the Triune God...The Father as the source, the Son as the course, the Spirit as the flow. There cannot be the Body of Christ without the revelation, expression, enjoyment of this processed and consummated Triune God in our experience. So surely the Triune God is not for theology is debate about merely. The Triune God is for the Body of Christ to be lived out. Then the message goes on to show us these four aspects of relationship.

How do we live out the Body of Christ? To live out the Body of Christ is related to our experience with Christ. Right? How are we—what is our relationship with Christ? How are we related to Christ in our experience? That determines how we lie out the Body of Christ. And also how are we related to the Spirit? And how are we related to the process of death and resurrection. And also how are we—how is it related to the matter of life and the Body? To me, I don’t know how Br. Lee got this marvelous utterance. It is too wonderful. I know at a glance it is just something so—in a technical—and you need to learn to peel off the skin, get into the meat, get into the depths, dive into the water. Break through the ice. Consider these four relationships.

First, to live in the Body of Christ, we have to consider our relationship with Christ. Here, the utterance Br. Lee uses is, “Christ must be our Head.” He is—just to be accurate here. he is our Head, life, content, principal object, center, goal. Now you need to stop right here, when you are reading a message like this. What does it mean by Christ as my Head? As my life? Content? Principal object? I don’t think anywhere else in Br. Lee’s ministry he uses this word here. What are we pursuing? Then he uses the term, “goal,” at the end. The principal object is not exactly the same as our goal. The principal object means something primary, of primary, utmost importance. It is first. It is of primary importance. And it is an object that we pursue. Your PhD, your to be accomplished scientist, businessman, should not be your principal object. Our principal object should be Christ. He is the one whom we want to gain, pursue. If Christ becomes someone secondary, sooner or later, our living out of the Body life will run into problem. Don’t let other things come in the way. Even your spirituality. Your success in your spiritual work. These are not your principal object. Or you aspire certain saints, coworkers—you admire at this one. He or she is not our principal object. Christ should be—He is before us all the time. He is our object before us. Every day, upon rising, “Lord, You are my principal object. You are the one whom I love, I want to gain.” Yes, we all have a goal, in a distant. But there should be an object, the principal object. Then we will not distracted by anything. Then center, then goal. Do you see? I am just talking to you about a little bit. All these need praying...peeling off the skin.

How about Christ as our Head? The one in control, gives direction. So, if we are doing to live in the Body, we have to realize that this Body is under a headship. I’ve been speaking in this way...when we talk about the Body of Christ, we are not talking about a some kind of organism...Ameba is an organism. But we are not talking about...some kind of organic thing. We are talking about a person under a headship. How can we live this Body life without the consciousness of the headship of Christ? If you don’t, you have no idea about living the Body life. The Body is, yes, it is in plurality, in mutuality, something corporate. But the Body as revealed in the New Testament is a Body under the headship. That is why in Ephesians 1, in the revelation of the constitution of the Body through the blessing of the Divine Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Spirit, and not until the last few verses of Ephesians 1 where Christ’s headship was revealed, who was made Head over all things to the church, which is His Body. It is only here. Even after the Triune God’s dispensing Himself...the Body still had not come into being until the coming forth of this one under the fourfold power, transmission, that caused Christ to become Head over all things to the church. When the headship of Christ is established, now the Body comes into being. So we need to see, practically, to live in the Body of Christ, has everything to do with taking Christ as our Head. Then we know what it means to live under the headship of Christ. When we do something, say something, go somewhere...we should realize that we are here not only under the headship...to receive order and be directed...There is an intrinsic relationship between the head and the rest of the body. it is more than just central command center. It is something organic. Life relationship. So we need to know, to experience Christ as my Head. And He is not a kind of objective Head just giving me order and direction. He is my life...Through that enjoyment...I receive His leading, His guidance. He is my Head...The order you received from the Head will not cause you to be contradicting to the Body...Everything that the Head commands will not cause you to be in conflict, in contradiction to the whole Body. As the Head, He is our life within. And He is our content. He is everything. Everything we are, everything we have must be Christ. As we are going to live out the Body life, we have to realize this. Content, principal object. Someone who was placed...directing me, the center who holds everything together. Do you have a center in your living? Some of you may go to further scheduling...what is the center of all your pursuit? Is there a center? Or is it just to get the highest degree? Christ must be the center. Everything is held together. He is the holding place. If that place is compromised, then everything that is done will fall apart eventually. Colossians 1 reveals this that Christ is the one in whom all things subsist, held together. A marriage relationship is held together, a family. Even in the church, the church life, our coordinations, our services, are held together. Also He is our goal, the common goal, that we are running toward. Do you consider how rich these terms are? It is worthwhile of a little message for each term. This is related to our living in the Body of Christ. So our relationship with Christ is crucial. And that is first. Our first relationship is that related to Christ in living out the Body.

Secondly there is the relationship to the Spirit. The Spirit is the essence, the reality, the secret, and also the effectiveness...How about the secret? How about the effectiveness? Not much was mentioned in your presentation. The essence refer to the intrinsic substance within. The reality is expressed. The outward expression, the condition. The Spirit is the reality. The Spirit intrinsically is the essence. The essence of chicken. The essence of lemon. It is the extract. It is the most elemental part. The Triune God now is crystallized, consummated to be such a Spirit. If you get the Spirit, you have the entire Triune God. And this Spirit is also the reality. It is in this Spirit, through this Spirit, we have our actual existence. Then this Spirit also must be our secret. As Paul mentioned in the Philippians, whatever circumstances he was put in, he learned the secret. What secret? He learned. “I can do things in the one who empowers me.” Doesn’t matter what situation, what environment I am put in. I know how to go in and go out. To live in the Body of Christ which consists of many, many members, all kinds of backgrounds and preferences, to have conflict is inevitable. We run into different cultural backgrounds...different ways of living...So how do we live? Do we just run away? On the earth today, it doesn’t matter. Some church you think is so glorious. It seems so when you are far from it. But when you get into it, “I don’t like this one, I don’t like that one.” You have to learn the secret by the Spirit. The Spirit who is the essence and the reality of the Body of Christ, has to become your secret, your tact, your skillfulness. Indeed some of the things that are mentioned here. What we say, what we not say. Sometimes just one word can change the whole climate between the darkness and sunshine. Everyone gets suppressed, depressed. One word...and the clouds go away. How do you get that skill? That skill is the Spirit Himself. If we live according to the Spirit, that Spirit becomes our skillfulness. That Spirit is our wisdom. Solomon’s prayer. Br. Lee shared with us. Solomon prayed not for wisdom, not for His wealth, but that God would give him the wisdom to how to go in and out among His people. We should learn the secret by applying the Spirit. The Spirit becomes the secret, the tactfulness, the skillfulness, and also the Spirit is the effectiveness. The Spirit is the extract, lemon extract. It contains certain effectiveness, capacity, that is able to cure, able to address, a certain sickness, germ that you have. The sickness is the essence of the Triune God. Not only our secret but He has the effectiveness...He is able to dissolve the negative things. Swallow up, to heal, to recover...the sick. So wherever the Spirit is strong, prevailing, the germs just got swallowed up. So to live in the Body life, we need to have a strong, vital relationship with the Spirit. The Spirit every day, as we call on the Lord, pray-read the word, you have to get to the Spirit. Right? Your morning time, you spend with the Lord...Get down to the essence. Also the Spirit becomes your effectiveness.

Then our relationship also is with the crucifixion and resurrection of Christ to be our regulation. We don’t live in the Body of Christ wildly, unrestrained. Just like in our human life. We have regulation. We are not just free to do whatever we want, say whatever we want. You are going to cause a lot of offense and stumbling. We have to be regulated. Just how we dress ourselves. As human beings. And how we carry ourselves in human relationship. And we need regulation. And our regulation is not like the people in the world just to be moral, just to be ethical. That is not what we are governed by. Our regulation is by Christ’s crucifixion. Christ’s resurrection. So, when we are about to do something or not to do something, because we are regulated by Christ’s crucifixion, we are always reminded we are crucified with Christ. It is no longer we who live but Christ who lives in us. That cross is always upon us. Paul said, I die daily...Constant regulation of not ethical standards but the crucifixion of Christ. So even in our conversation, “Lord, is it me who is speaking, or is it You, in desiring to get this, buy that.” There is a regulation, an inward regulation. The crucifixion of Christ and the resurrection of Christ becomes our regulation. In the Body life there is nothing natural. Whatever you are born with. You are naturally very sociable, naturally private, introvert. There is nothing in Christ for your naturalness...Is it you in your naturalness or has it passed through the cross and filtered by the cross? In the Body life there is no room for the natural man.

Finally we have to life and Body as the principle. We have principles. Even as a human being we need to have principles to live by. We cannot do certain things. We cannot just do things like that because of certain principles. First, it is the life of God, the divine life. It is not ethics, not morality. The reference, the standard of our living in the Body of Christ is the life of God. That life of God is something in the Spirit, the content of the Spirit. And as we partake of that life, that life flows in us. So it is beyond just what is right or wrong. It is altogether of the life of God and also of the Body. You are doing something for God legitimately. But you are doing something individualistically. You do this and that but you have no regard...You are just a member.

There is much depth. I hope you would not present the words only. You have to dig into the depth of these things.
10/15/2019
JLee
1178
243 (learn)

“Seeing through.” It is not merely to be complete, but to see through. Recently, I see this advertisement of body works. They try to display human body opened up. All the tissues, it is quite amazing. It is quite enlightening view to see the Body. We mainly just see the human body in an outward way (how tall, eyes, hair). But what about the inside? It shows all the intricate, quite amazing. The Body of Christ not only has an appearance but an inner working. What constitutes this Body of Christ? That is why I say I don’t think there is any Bible teacher who disclosed the Body of Christ to such a digress. They have seen some revelations for sure. The brethren saw the church as the Body, this wonderful organism. But Br. Lee went to the nitty-gritty part, the intrinsic part, the essence, the reality. These terms are very precious to us...The matter of the church is a confusing matter in Christianity. Many just look at the church outwardly. They gathered in this matter, in this building. They looked at the way they organized, what kind of musical equipments they use...Everything is looking at the outside and try to pick what is suitable to them. But when we come to the divine revelation concerning the church as the Body of Christ, we have to have a thorough view to see through beyond what is the outward appearance. The outward appearance...suit, a shirt. That may change depending on the environment, outward situation. But what it appears outside is not permanent, not eternal. But what is inside a person, that is crucial. What makes up my intention, my thoughts, my heart, my motive, my feeling. Those are the important things. Whether you put on a jacket or a t-shirt, those things are not important. Of course you have to address properly. Even your facial countenance may change. Wrinkles over the years. All those outward things don’t have eternal value. What has eternal value is the intrinsic value. Your thought, feeling, concept. When you come to the Body of Christ, these will make these messages so important...we have to see the church as the Body of Christ in such an intrinsic way, even to the elemental level, essential level, so that regardless of what is outside, you come to the Christian group...What is our view? What is our consideration? They are not like us, not a proper church, they are not real believers? Well, we cannot judge merely by just outward appearance. Yes, there is a proper way to practice the church life. But our main concern is not just the outward appearance, the outward organization. What is the inside? Today, among Christians there are division after division because one group does not practice the same way as another group so they divide from one another. According to the outward practice and ways of worship. But when you look at the inside, when Christians are willing to forget and forgo all the outward concerns, and look at inside, where is the element? Where is the essence? If there is no essence, even if they look very humble, religious, they are  not the Body of Christ, they have nothing to do with the Body of Christ. It is not how we dress, how we carry out there routine program of our meeting. What makes us the Body of Christ is this essence, this reality...It is easy to understand according to the outward practice. If we only know the external ways, soon or later. You will be divided. We should not pass on judgments so quickly. Where is the essence, where is the element, where is the reality? I feel, if we see these matters, this will help us tremendously in our practice of the church life in His recovery. The matter of element, that is our constituent, that is referring to the constituents of the Body of Christ, which are mainly of two: divinity and humanity. This is what the Body of Christ is constituted of. It is not just human. Not just divine. It is divine and human. It is not just pure divinity. It is the divinity that has been begotten in humanity, lived in humanity, expressed through humanity. This refers to the life of Jesus Christ as the God-man. He is God becoming a man. So the divinity that constitutes the church as an element is actually a divinity that has been begotten in humanity and expressed through humanity. And living in humanity. So the man Jesus is a God-man. God living in man. God living through man. And also the other element, the humanity, is not just merely human. It is a humanity that has been begotten by divinity. That is now living out the divinity and expressing divinity. Even we, human beings, as an element, as constitutes of the Body of Christ, is a dual. Not only divinity, but also the humanity is dual. The divinity that constitutes the church is the divinity that has been incarnated in humanity, living in humanity, expressing itself through humanity. And now the humanity, that is constituting this Body of Christ is also a humanity that has been regenerated by the divinity and living in this divinity and expressing divinity. So it is altogether, in terms of the element, it is entity that is human and divine. And even the divinity is the divinity mingled with humanity and the humanity is the humanity that is mingled with divinity. Mingled thoroughly to constitute this Body of Christ. So that was the life of Jesus. Expressing divinity in humanity. Also expression of the church...These are the two components, constitutes, becoming the elements, that constitute the Body of Christ.

How about the essence? It is something deeper. In our human body we have many elements. We have bones, flesh. These are the elements that constitute this human body. But within this body, there are essences. In the bone there is calcium, there is different ingredients, oxygen, nitrogen...you have all these essences within the element. The element is something that you can readily identify. But within the bone...Not only built up with many elements but with essences. They are not easily seen. They are invisible. With these essences, there are capacities, functions. So is the Body of Christ. There are elements of divinity and humanity. Within these elements are the essences. Surely the main essence is the divinity. It contains the divinity with its divine supply. Through the bountiful supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ. So with divinity there is a supply to strengthen us, to supply us. This is the capacity in the element of divinity. Also, contained in the element, there is the essence of humanity, the excelling humanity. The humanity that is lived out by Christ. The humanity that is tender, compassionate, yet strong. Yet absolute. Christ was full of feeling when he was with the sinners. Full of fully compassionate, merciful. Yet He was at the same time righteous, holy, and bright. This was the humanity of Jesus. In the humanity as an element in the Body of Christ, there is such an essence of the excelling humanity of Jesus, enabling us to live as Jesus did. That Jesus is enabling us to bear and endure what regular human beings cannot bear or endure. What gave them that kind of power (martyrs) to overlook, to deny all the sufferings, persecutions? There is not only the divine supply, but there is also the strengthening of the excelling humanity of Jesus...these are humanity, human virtues. Even though we were created with the image of God, because of the fallen nature within us, we expressed the devil, Satan. But through, after regeneration, now there is an uplifted, strengthened capacity within us. As the humanity of Jesus being replicated, duplicated in us, for us to live the Body life. For us to live in the Body is not easy, I admit. Yes, when we come together to pray, to sing, that is easy. But as soon as that is over, we start to talk about making decisions...and conflicts begin to emerge. At this time what kind of humanity are we expressing? Are we remaining in our fallen humanity?...Enabling us to forebear, to receive one another, to be merciful to one another. Then also there is the capacity in this element of the Body of Christ. There is the capacity of the crucifixion of Christ. The all-inclusive death of Christ. There is the killing effect...His resurrection. Now there is such an essence, the effective of Christ’s death is operating in us that Paul can say in 2 Corinthians, “I die daily.” Every day the death of Christ is operating in him continuously. He was not trying to be crucified in a certain situation when he encounters some difficult situation...Not only that, He died daily. There is the continual applying of for the crucifixion of Jesus...Terminates. Many times we don’t even know what they are. There are ugly things still remaining in us. But when we enjoy the divinity of Christ, the humanity of Christ as the Spirit in us, in that Spirit is the essence of His killing, the killing power, the killing effectiveness, along with the resurrection power, another essence, the power able to come out of death, enabling us to overcome, enabling us to come out of the death. Praise the Lord for the death and resurrection of Christ. These are the essences becoming the capacities, the functions of these elements, which is just the Spirit Himself. When we are enjoying the Spirit, touching this Spirit, right away we are seeing how these essences are there.

Then how about the reality? The reality refers to that which is real. Related to matters and things. What is reality? First John 5 tells us clearly, “The Spirit is the reality.” The Spirit makes real all the things that God has spoken, that God is, that God has passed through. Now it can be made real to us in the spirit...I was thinking about you how you were presenting. I would say you can liken this as the blood circulation in our body. Many times the ministry uses the blood to illustration the Spirit. We need the blood circulation, we need to allow the Spirit to flow in us. When the blood circulates, it brings in the nutrients. And it carries away all the byproducts, all the negative things. So we need the blood circulation...All those things, even though they are in you, it makes no difference. They (elements) are all in your body but you are dead as soon as the blood circulation stops. Today, we have the Spirit, who is the reality. It is through the Spirit as the reality, Paul even uses the word, secret. There is a secret in our Christian life. That is the Spirit. When we learn to live according to the Spirit, we learned the secret. The capacities that they could take...are all made real in the Spirit. If we don’t enjoy the Spirit, don’t live and walk by the Spirit, the Body of Christ is just an empty shell, corpse. All the elements are there, even the essences are there. But it is not real. The moment you call and exercise, O Lord Jesus...the Spirit who is no residing in us, indwelling us, even mingling with us, becoming one with us, when we are enjoying...all the essences are made real in us. His death, resurrection, with His power and death with its effectiveness is made real. It is hard to explain. But something within you register. When you are enjoying the Spirit, you can let go. Many offenses you can forgive. Suddenly you experience the power of resurrection supplying you simply us turning to the spirit. So we do have a hymn. It tells us today the Lord’s recovery is altogether a matter of the Spirit. We need to know the Spirit, we need to live in this Spirit. We need to drink of this Spirit day by day. We cannot live without the Spirit. The Spirit is the reality of the Triune God. He is the ultimate consummation of this processed and consummated Triune God. The Father embodied in the Son. The Son is now realized as the Spirit. The Spirit is the final distillation, crystallization of the entire Triune God. When we received the Triune God, we received all that the Father is, all that the Son is and has; all that the Father is and has is now transmitted into us in the Spirit as the Spirit for us to partake of. This very reality becomes the reality of the Body of Christ. Without this reality, without this Spirit as the reality of the Triune God, then the so-called the church, the Body is just corpse...We need to have the thorough view of the Body of Christ by understanding, by seeing the elements, the essence, the reality of the Body of Christ.

You have the life of God. But you don’t live by the life of God. You still live according to the lust of the flesh. If the fellowship in you has been broken, you have the life of God positionally, yet you have no reality of being the child of God. Same thing, if we don’t live in the spirit, not living and walking by the Spirit, then where is the reality of the Body of Christ? It is not there.
10/7/2019
Shirley

Zion — The last section of the outline is on the Father, the Son, and the Spirit becoming the consummated Spirit who baptizes the many members of Christ into the unique Body of Christ. We have already seen that the Father is the source, that the Spirit came to regenerate, and that the Son came to be life, so that we and the Triune God may have an organic union. This is the “inside” story of the members of the Body of Christ. There is also an “outside” story according to 1 Corinthians 12:13; that is, the Triune God—the Father, the Son, and the Spirit—having become the consummated Spirit, came to baptize the members of Christ into the unique Body of Christ...The consummated Spirit [baptizes] the members of Christ, those who have been regenerated by the Spirit and who have the Father as the source and the Son as the life, into one Body.
We all have been saved. Through regeneration, we have the Spirit, Christ, and life within. Also, through the baptism of the Holy Spirit once outwardly, we all have been baptized into the Body. Inwardly, we were regenerated to have life; outwardly, the Spirit was poured upon us so that we might be baptized into one Body. This completes the origin of the Body.
Now we have to see how the Triune God became the ultimate and completed Spirit. The Spirit was always there. However, until the Son was realized as the Spirit, He was not yet completed, He was not yet (John 7:39). First, the Father was embodied in the Son (Col. 2:9) through incarnation (John 1:14a; Heb. 2:14a). The Son experienced human life (Heb. 2:17-18), was crucified and resurrected (1 Cor. 15:3-4), and was realized as the Spirit (John 14:16-17). This completed Spirit is the ultimate completion of the Triune God, which implies that the Son through death and resurrection became the all-inclusive, life-giving, indwelling and compound Spirit (1 Cor. 15:45b), the baptize all the sanctified, regenerated persons into the Triune God (Matt. 28:19), so that they and the Triune God could become one (John 17:21a, 23a) and be baptized into the Body of Christ (1 Cor. 12:13a).

Onesimus

10/8/2019
DDong
824
841
It is very hard to speak to a group of people who knows everything. Do you know everything? I think you think you know. #824. Every line here, what Br. Lee has written, there is a verse in the Bible to support it. If you could, in your spare time, I don’t know if you have, but during your break, you should take this hymn and find out the supporting verses of each line. “The church is Christ’s own body.” Eph. 1:23. “Father’s dwelling place,” Eph. 2:22. “The gathering of the called ones.” Ekklesia. Who are the called ones? 1 Cor. 1:2. Hebrews—“partakers of the heavenly calling.” God blended with man’s race...hmm. Br. Lee is very much in his truth. So in order to see the vision of what the Body of Christ is, what the church is, you can use this hymn and it will show you. And another hymn. #841. The life you live in the Body...where you got to realize, we have to have a vision...what is to be the church? The church is not just Christ lives. The church is Christ living in us. He must be our life. Col. 3:4. Christ is your life. What is life to you? What is life to the animal? Now it is Christ living in us.

What is life? I took a botany class (plant biology). In the beginning it says, “We scientists cannot say what life is. We can only say what life does.” You can only observe what life does so you say, Well, life is like this. Number one, life needs to eat. It seeks out food. From little cell to a big animal, they all seek food. Cows and deers eat grass and migrate. 2) life propagates. But this is what life does. Christ is our life. What is life then? Hallelujah, Christ is life. It is very good. But it is kind of general. What’s a difference between a bird’s life and a dog’s life. They are different in life and nature. Within life there is nature. Different lives have different natures. Birds’ life fly. Dogs’ life bark. I don’t know what cats’ life does. To me they are very mysterious...What is life? The Lord Jesus said in John 6:57...There is a little window...As God He is life. But as man, is He life? He said many times, “I am the life,” “I come...that sheep may have life and may have it abundantly,” “I am the way...and the life,” “I am the resurrection and the life.” His divine part of course. But how about His human life? Is His humanity also life? Now it is! Hallelujah! Because He has been processed and consummated as the Spirit. That is why in this lesson we want you to realize that the number one, the life that we have today, the Body life, has a source—the Father. If you imagine the Triune God, I use a circle because He is eternal. Where is the Father? Somewhere in the Triune God. You cannot say this is the Father, this is the Son, this is the Spirit. They are all interpenetrating, coinhering each other. So where is the Father? I studied physics. Physics is quite interesting. When you come to the Newtonian mechanics, it seems you can figure out equilibrium point so that all the points are balanced, net force is zero. That is how you build bridges...and so on. But there The is another branch...late 1800s, they began to find out there is more to physics than what you see. In small sense there is chemistry (molecular level, and even smaller, atomic level, in smaller, particle level, even smaller, the quartz). When they study that small number, they have to use another mathematics (quantum mechanics). They talk about probability, not exact...You have the Triune God. If you look from afar, you see the Father, the Son, and the Spirit. The Father is embodied in the Son, processed and consummated as the life-giving Spirit...It is true, the Bible talks about that. Then the apostle John...began to talk about the Father. “Philip you have seen Me, you have seen the Father.” Do you know what He is talking about? He is talking about the quantum mechanics, the intrinsic Trinity. They are actually one. The Father is coinhering with the Son, with the Spirit...You don’t know where the Father is. The Father is everywhere...Inside atom you have protons and neutrons. But where do you find that proton? You cannot find them. This is like the Triune God. When God created the world, God created according to the divine characteristic. Romans 1. People should know already (Rom. 1:20). But in their brain they should also know. But they choose not to know. The physicists, years ago, there is a documentary called, “The Creation.” The physicists in those days were talking about Big Bang. They say the universe is 14-15 billion years old. It all started with Big Bang. There are books of the first three seconds of Big Bang. A lot of things [were] happening. After that it cooled down. Then the elementary particles began to come together to form protons and neutrons...But you have to realize that they say the universe started with a Big Bang. That means the guy who was narrating it was a physicist. He said, “We scientists cannot say God created. We can only say that nature created.” What is nature? What is God. In Chinese, in our concept, a lot...has these concept of Buddha...but in our subconsciousness, there is something bigger, we call them Heaven. When you are in danger, you will call Heaven to save you. China was full of dynasties. The heaven doesn’t rain so there is drought. So the emperors would go to a place called heavenly altar and try to offer something...trying to plead to the Heaven. Who is the Heaven? God. Scientists call nature. Chineses call Heaven. But we know it is God. How does God manifest Himself? In this creation we already see God. That is just the expression of some of the divine characteristic.

But one day this God became a man. A man lived among us. He was God. And He was the expression of God. The Bible calls Him the word of God. You know what the word is? A person’s word is his expression, definition. If I just stand here and not speak...you will not know what is going inside of me. But if I speak, then my word will become my expression. God, one day, said, “You creatures don’t know what I am. I am so much more than what you see...” So He became a man. What kind of man did He become? He emptied Himself, did not grasp the form of God. Yes He was the God-man but did not have the form of God. He forsook that. And became a man. And as a man He did not live as a middle class American. He took the form of a slave. That is the lowest kind. Slave is the lowest kind...I don’t know why the Lord allowed the slave as social system. I think because He [was going to] be a slave. He needed the situation to show who He was. He was a man. And in the form of a slave He actually lived God. He was a God-man. But in being that slave, God is coming out of Him. And also the real man came out from Him. You are not real men. We are fallen men. We are self-centered, selfish, full of the self. And the life we have is totally rotten. That is why we need salvation. But praise the Lord, He said, through the death of His Son we were reconciled to God...How does He save us by His life?...The source is the Father. This Spirit regenerates all those chosen...Eph. 1:4-5. First of all chose us to be holy...then predestinated us unto sonship. Your destiny has been preset. You cannot avoid. You can’t escape from it. Maybe you will choose to be rebellious...but one day you will be a son of God. Truly a son of God, sharing God’s nature, expressing God. Not just you yourself alone but with many, many sons. Many sons are baptized into one Body. Your destiny is already preset. So in a sense I am worried that the Lord’s recovery would be on your shoulders. What kind of recovery would that be, I don’t know. But on the other hand I have the full assurance that we will be in the New Jerusalem...we will all be gold, silver, and precious stones. We will all be t same. But it may take me less than 100 years but you a thousand years. I don’t know. But the destiny is the same. It is because the Triune God has the economy. Satan cannot hinder Him. You cannot hinder Him. You will be there, no matter what. The Lord arranged the environment so that one day we would call on Him. [Some of us had needs. ]Some of us have no need but because we are attracted by this wonderful God...

II. B.
1.
1 Pet. 1:3, we were all regenerated in the resurrection of Christ. Christ was resurrected, we all become regenerated, become sons of God. But at that time the sons of God are still sons of God, individual sons of God. There is no sense of corporate-ness. Maybe the twelve apostles but still natural. But one day at the Pentecostal day and at the house of Cornelius, when the Spirit came down upon them, 1 Cor. 12:13. Jews or Greek, that includes not only religion but also culture. The constitution of the United States promise freedom of speech, freedom of religion. Right? No, that is not a real freedom. Today they say, if you are against...you are bigotry...Where is the freedom of speech? In the Body, no culture, no differences. Do you believe we are all the same? “You are teacher, we are students.” But that is outwardly. Inwardly we have the same life, we have the same person. But this person living in us...the body different functions (lungs, hands, heart, feet...). Many times you don’t see my inward organs moving and doing things. So Br. Lee is burdened for us to see a thorough view. Let’s see what is inside this Body. The word here hard to translate. What is “To-shi?” The second word is “view.” But “to” is not just thorough. It means penetrating. It means X-ray. If you have a pb with some inner organ, you need X-ray. If you have a hairline fracture in your ankle, X-ray will show but outwardly you won’t see anything, just feel the hurt. But for the Body of Christ, we need a X-ray view, penetrating view, a thorough view, a through view, going through the outward seeing. Outward seeing is the church. But inside the church, the penetrating view, the X-ray view is the Body of Christ. And what is the Body of Christ? Number one we need to see the origin. That is why you need to be bilingual. The more lingual you have, the more potential usefulness you will have to the Lord. I just want you to see the inward view.

What is in the Body of Christ? The Father—source. The Spirit—sanctifying and regenerating. The Son—life of the regenerated ones. We are regenerated with life. Who is that life? The Son. As members of Body of Christ...Paul uses incorruptible and indestructible. Two adjectives. He is the resurrection. Nothing can destroy His life. Incorruptible. No matter how good it is, it can be corrupted. When he was young, I believe, Mazhedong was pure. But when he began to have power, this power began to corrupt him. The Lord says, “Now has the world been judged...he has nothing in Me.” It means there is no ground, chance, possibility, hope. Zero. In Him.

The matter of life is mysterious. You don’t know how to describe it. Doctors can study human body. The medical doctors study human body. But psychiatrists study your mind. They can tell you that there is no rule about human mind. You can profile. Some FBI agents can profile a criminal (30 years old, this and that). But there is always an exception. Why? Because it is life. You cannot put life in a box. Most people maybe in the box. But there will be always something that will jump out of the box. Praise the Lord, Christ is life.

Our relationship with the Lord is organic. “We have to born into this family.” We cannot join. We cannot humanly manufacture it...You have to believe. You have to have the life.

God is Spirit. That Spirit has no humanity. Christ the Son, God embodied in the Son and as He lived as a man, He mingled divinity with humanity. And in resurrection He brought the humanity into divinity. So the humanity and divinity are totally mingled. In that mingling, He became the life-giving Spirit. And we the church today, we are all joined together as one Body into one Body by that one Spirit, now with humanity.

Even the Father experienced the human life. It is the whole Triune God [who] was incarnated. Col. 2:9. The body is from Jesus. And the whole Triune God, all the fullness of the Triune God, was dwelling in Him.

Now we are part of the Triune God.
Sharing:
Br. Lee’s feeling was that the sharing on Ephesians in the past, though not wrong, was still somewhat in the visible view. His burden was that we would see something altogether new, to see that which is invisible and intrinsic concerning the Body of Christ. For this, we must echo our brother’s burden and prayer to the Lord, saying, “Lord, we ask You to give us a trance...We need a trance that transfers us out of the natural concept into another sphere so that we can see the things which man in his natural understanding cannot see.”

This prayer is essentially the same as the first prayer Paul offered in Ephesians, the book which presents the intrinsic view of the Body of Christ. In chapter 1, verse 17, Paul asks the Father of glory to give us a spirit of wisdom and revelation. This is because he saw the heavenly vision  himself from the Triune God and realized that our need is not to hear but to see. We need to see this heavenly vision.

It is not adequate for us to hear about the Christ on the cross, but we need to see Christ creating the one new man in Himself with God the Father’s enlivening.

It is not adequate for us to hear about Paul who announced the gospel to the Gentiles, but we need to see believers’ enjoyments and experience of the unsearchable riches of Christ and the unlimited Christ to become all the fullness of God.

And it is not adequate for us to hear about the saints speaking, serving, and functioning in the meetings, but we need to see the mingling of the Triune God with His people.

May the heavens be open to us and may we receive a fresh vision, a heavenly video.

9/10/2019
DSady
593
[Sharing]
I would like to hear your experiences of being in a vision, in a trance. Having lost our way, how did we come back?...Solves all the problems.

I think these we’re all experiences of entering into. Let me confess to my leaving. Whether as a father or simply as a brother, to have someone reject, to rebel, involves my person, my flesh, the old man. Every little child learns the word, ‘no,’ and they get really upset and that nature is still in us. It is rebellion. We like to be right. I like to be right. And to be right is really to be wrong. It is to leave the mingling. To think more highly of ourselves than we ought to think...is also wrong. Eph. 5, the point is that everybody eventually submits to everybody. Everything is “in like manner.” If a father causes their child to be in their flesh by being angry, then they caused a big problem in their child. So, to not make a child angry means you have to submit. You have to submit to their weakness. That means you are kind of like Peter. You have to go where you don’t want to go, be under the dominion of a child and still maintain your dominion as a parent. So these kind of tests usually take me out of the vision. And I try to Handel the situation. Then I find that that child’s will, or situation, or whatever it might be, is stronger than me. I can’t overcome. I don’t know how to do that because I am trying to figure it out, I am trying to be either stubborn, so that my will can withstand their will, but all of this is far outside of the trance. So I find myself under God’s judgment in this condition because there is no Christ. When I realize there is no way out, then I would usually, finally, look to the refuge of this person who is still in me, mingled with at least a part of me, and go to that part and begin to dive in, to exercise, the mingling. And many times the Lord will not give me an answer. Many times I will be exercising my spirit perhaps for months without any breakthrough. But just exercising, sowing to the spirit, until there is that perfect submission, which is Christ in His humanity being our submission. And that submission is not to my child. It is to the Lord. David, although he killed somebody and betrayed their marriage, he said, “Against Thee and Thee only have I sinned.” Ultimately our sin is against God. That returns to the trance. Now I am living in the trance. And for a long period of time, that trance endures because there is a lesson. But gradually, as we had in the recent conference, not that recent, but recent, murmuring and reasoning takes us out of the trance. When we murmur, we are murmuring against God. I don’t know if you noticed, in the ministry, that murmuring is rebellion. When we reason, “It is just not right!” No, He does not have to do anything, and He make things very wrong for your [sake]. There is a throne in this universe. Everything that is going on has to do with rebellion or submission to the throne. Submission is in our mingled spirit. The Lord learned obedience through the things that He suffered. We, likewise, must learn obedience. Obedience is not, “[He] prayed three times a day, seven times a day. I am going to obey the pattern in the Bible.” That means nothing. To pray is to contact God, to mingle with Him, to enlarge the mingling in our being, in other words He would make home in our heart, that the Lord would have the room in us...this would enlarge to become room with others—the Father is there, the Son is there, and the Spirit is there. And this enlarged mingling, fellowship, we have the Father operating, the Son as our obedience, the Spirit helping us. We do not know how to pray, but He is in our calling on the Lord name of the Lord. So we have to sow in this way. Realize that we are not much in the trance. Until that becomes our only object, to be with the Lord more. To have Him move more, have Him shine more. He said, in this chapter, the top mingling is the mingling of the Triune God Himself with all of us. So what is mingling? Mingling is Christ. Mingling is the Spirit. Mingling is the Father. If the Father, the Son, and the Spirit are not involved, then our trance lacks a great deal. This isn’t for our analysis, introspection...But consider Eph. 4:4-6. What is there? Why are there four persons? Why are there other things there beside the four persons? Consider John 17:19-23. Why is the Lord just spinning a tail? Just nice sounding words that we would be in one another in Him. In the Father, in the Son, in the Spirit. The Father is over all, through all, and in all. Paul was really in a trance. I mean, how did he see these things? The ministry, the books of the ministry are full of items that really are just, if you enter them, just a trance. Isn’t being born again a trance? What a miracle! It is a mystery. What about walking by faith? Does that just mean you take a leap of faith, you don’t have any vision, any trance, no substance. No. Faith is the substantiation of things unseen. So to walk by faith, not by faith, is to walk in the trance (2 Cor.). You try to live by faith, or give by faith. You will find, all of a sudden, you are out of faith, you are in greed, you are in holding on to every dollar. How did you get there? Because you didn’t have the trance to try to do what you are doing. You need a trance. If we see that in the Body of Christ, the reality of the Body, everything has to be in common because the Spirit is in common. One Body, one Spirit. So this vision tells us that nothing is our own. This vision tells us that we live a life in common. So when you go to a home meeting, is it just, oh, here is a living room couch, that feels good. I wonder what we are having to eat. Or even before you go there, do you cast yourself upon the Lord? “Don’t let me be in my natural man, save me, bring us all into the spirit, give me something to dispense. Give me something to minister.” Yeah, we enjoy the couch, the food, that is not a problem. But the trance needs to spread to all the saints. If we don’t bring the trance, who will? Who is responsible for your home meeting? Who is the leader? You know I am speaking heresy right? That means you need to be a leader. Surely the Spirit will lead. If you follow the Spirit, if you follow the trance, sometimes you will be leading. Sometimes you will be receiving. Absorbing. Exercising. Have you ever prayed that someone would lead, prophesy, come to a meeting, especially if you are with high schools and junior higher’s? The Lord answers that prayer if you are praying in a trance, because the trance is the Triune God. You are in communion, union, fellowship, with the Triune God. He is in you operating, He is in you, active. “Active.” That included us, the Body. We are all actively being mingled together. Consider the training graduates, some of whom are railing, rebelling. Some of the sisters have become, in the old sense of the word, woman’s liberation, which didn’t mean to have the fair pay, it means to wear pants, not to be under the headship of any kind. Some of the brothers, cheering them on. In DCP, we really are honest. We are strict with ourselves. And so when a brother gets accused and becomes our business, we look into it. I called two brothers in the last month, who’d been called out, one on the website, one on the facebook. And we had fellowship. And then especially in one case I spoke to a number of other people. And you find the accusations are imaginations, or I don’t know what they are. Lies. Christians lie. They’ve lost the vision. Can you criticize another saint and be in a trance? You might discern, properly judge, whoops he is going to natural realm, let’s call him back. All in not just love but in the love of God, with the grace of Christ, and the fellowship of the Spirit, being mingled; Triune God to bring them back.

There was a brother who spent over three hours. With a very lost, deceived brother. And you can’t expect this to happen and you shouldn’t try to do it. But he had the measure. Eventually that rebellious brother, who has been railing said, “What have I been doing? Where have I been?” Now he needs some healing. That repentance will have to go very deep and very thorough to touch all the parts of his being. I mean, we are like this every morning. How often do I wake up in a trance? I might wake up thinking about a lot of things having to do with the church, even with the training, DCP. But that doesn’t mean I am in a trance. At some point, I remember, Oh yeah, I need to call on the Lord, because I am not in a trance. Or maybe I just start calling spontaneously, automatically, singing. That is a trance. I am entering into a trance. What am I singing about? Jesus the wonderful Shepherd, brought us right out of the fold, into the good land! Glorious church life, feasting on such a rich store. These are all songs in a trance, aren’t they?

So, remaining in a trance is an exercise...Exercise your whole being to turn to the Lord. Be buried in the Lord, lost in God, considering the word of God, considering whatever, even to just that the Spirit would spread. You can pray for them, for their inner man to be stronger than their outer man. Isa. 64:7 says everybody has lost their way. Where is...who is stirring up their spirit to call on Your name? Everybody is outside of the trance. Then you remember, you realize, “I am in a wrong trance, wrong sphere...in my stubborn will...and that darkness is outside of the trance.” People get saved and become atheists. That happened to me. You can lose your way so easily. So, remaining is very important.

Let us consider one another, so as to incite one another. Can you do that? Have you ever tried? Sometimes we offend one another, trying to incite one another; we bother one another. If they are in a trance, it is probably not a problem. If they are not far away...O Lord, amen, hallelujah! One time the Lord told me, Dan, you can tear down your family—I was trying to be helpful, a big mistake. I am not helpful. I am no help at all. Only Christ is helpful. Only a God-man in a trance is helpful. You can tear down your family but can you build it up? And I thought to myself, that meant that I have to help my wife to become an overcomer. Now, there is a challenge. That means I have to be an overcomer, organically. I couldn’t do anything...Whatever I touch, it turns to lead, it just dies. So I couldn’t touch but just pray. Not pray for her but, “O Lord, I want to be mingled with you...” Every day should be a trance.

Sometimes we can encourage someone to join us in a service. As they serve, they realize the Spirit. “Come with me to BfA table, don’t have to do anything.” Then they are handing out a Bible. All of a sudden they are in the economical Spirit, talk about a trance.

This word, exhorting, is not easy. Exhorting in the seen realm feels like I am superior, you are inferior, man up. But that is not a true exhortation. You can exhort like a mother exhorts her children. To eat a vegetable. “It is good for you.” It is a real death to our self to exhort someone, to find a way. If I just say, “Brother, I haven’t seen you for a long time, it is so good to see you!” Is that helpful? It depends. If it is in love, because you have a relationship in the Lord and you are just happy, and they are the same way to you, they may know, that is the Spirit.

Sometimes we might think that our oneness with some saints is the oneness with the Triune God. That oneness, if it is real, readily, already readily, is receiving all the saints. There is no clique. You can be taken out of one small group and planted into another, one small church and into another. If we are in the trance of migration, then being placed in another city with saints from 15-20 different cities maybe, we are just ready to build with everyone, to be mingled with everyone, and we won’t get anything get in the way. There is a little booklet related to young people, saying we need to be like pastes. we have sharp edges and they have sharp edges. But if we are like paste, no matter how misbehaving...making fun of each other despising-ly, you just embrace it all. Thorns are stricken into us, we are dying. But if we are in a trance; but if we are in a trance, we are just so happy.
9/3/2019
Introduction:
The burden of the messages in this book, the Intrinsic View of the Body of Christ, can be expressed in the following four statements which corresponds to first four chapters of the book of Ephesians:
1) The Body of Christ is the fullness of the One who fills all in all—Eph. 1
2) Christ created the two, Jews and Gentiles, in Himself into one new man as the poem of God, that God might display the surpassing riches of His grace toward us in Christ—Eph. 2
3) To be strengthened into the inner man, that Christ may make His home in our hearts, that we may be filled unto all the fullness of God—Eph. 3
4) One Body, one Spirit, one Lord, one God, an indivisible mingling of the Triune God with the believers in Christ—Eph. 4

We now come to the third message of the book, the Intrinsic View of the Body of Christ, on the consummation of the believers’ enjoyment of the unsearchable riches of Christ and the experience of the unlimited Christ making His home in their hearts as all the fullness of the consummated Triune God. 

In the beginning of the chapter, Br. Lee expressed his strong concern regarding how we may read these messages but only understand the things in them according to our natural concept. We need to realize that tradition frustrates and damages us. As we see from the example in Moscow, even though religion was cut off by Lenin for more than seventy years by that time, the Russian Orthodox tradition still remained among them, preventing them from receiving the pure divine revelation in the holy Word.

Actually, this veil of tradition is in all of us. One may understand a certain verse in the Bible in on way, and another may understand the same verse in another way. This is because of the tradition veiling us.

May we echo our brother’s burden to pray this prayer, "Lord, take away all the traditions. We like to see Your Word in a pure way. We like to apprehend what You have for us according to Your realization."

DSady
1225
So what shall we do? We have a high vision and there are the riches that we can apprehend. All we have to do is exercise, pray the prayers that the apostles gave us. In these examples of frustration, it is not that people are being mean, being nasty, they are just blind. We have to say that we ourselves in the church life can be just blind. Even when we meet for the purpose, obviously, of enjoying and experiencing Christ, we may be distracted coming in to home meeting or fellowship time and speak of other things. Maybe you saw somehow, I don’t know how, some sports report, some news report, and this is food for your flesh. In John 11, it says Jesus wept. It also says twice, He was indignant. What was the pressure? What was the realization that He would be indignant? This was not Pharisees with their religious concepts telling them He shouldn’t heal a person in a Sabbath. John 11 is about a disciple that He loved, Some sisters, and His disciples. Maybe we can turn to that account. It is very unveiling concerning the Lord having a purpose. Br. Lee seems to be very sympathetic in the chapter toward the elders. There is a lot of times that we can’t say, we can’t respond to the saints even when they ask for help because they want one kind of word and they what they need is another kind of word. Verse 5. Someone is having a hard time, they need help. Would you ever, therefore, not go and help them? Could our intuition help us to understand the situation that this is for a purpose? This isn’t a tragedy. This is for God’s increase, His glory, His spreading. “So He remained where He was.” Verse 8. This is God manifested in the flesh. And we just have a hard time agreeing with Him. “...Our friend, Lazarus has fallen asleep...” And then they object. “If he is sleeping, leave him alone, he will get better.” Of course Jesus had to tell them plainly, “Lazarus has died, and I rejoice for your sakes.” Would you be offended if He said, “Your brother, who was sick, has died and I am glad. Praise the Lord! This is what you needed.” Is God sovereign? Does He do all things well? But we have our ideas. We don’t see how many things that happen can be for our good. “...so that you can believe. But let us go to him.” Then Thomas said, “Okay, let’s go, we will die with Him.” This is just a; I don’t know what they thought. Who were they following? Verse 17. And there were a lot of people coming to console Mary and Martha. Martha says to the Lord, “If You had been here, my brother would not have died.” Do you think that is just a kind of, “Oh, I wish You have been here...” Or is that a rebuke? It is like Peter telling the Lord, “By no means should You go to the cross.” “You let my brother die!” Then there is a little faith, “...Whatever You ask of God, God will do.” But I think that might have been a doctrine. The Lord agrees with it, “Your brother will rise again.” So she interprets, He is talking about the future. One moment she is waiting for a miracle, another moment, she is saying, there will be no miracle, “I know.” This is t church life. This is not really the church life. But it is the [scene]. So the Lord waited two days. And then they came. You’ve been dead four days. It is too late, everybody is not happy; upset. So Jesus says, “I am the resurrection and the life...” “...You are not going to stay dead. Do you believe this?” She says, “Yes Lord, I believed that You are the Son of God.” That wasn’t the question. So when the elder asked the brother to give time for others, what does he think that word is for? The church meeting should be the living, the expression of Christ. Who is being hindered? It is just a matter of politeness? Or I should be free, I have the anointing, hallelujah, I will keep speaking. Br. Lee used quite a strong word. The church is not a theater for all of us to act and demonstrate something in the old man. But we don’t realize the church is Christ. It is Christ the Head, Christ the Body. It is the new man. And so, we behave in the church as though the Head is not part of the Body. But He is ‘my’ Head. So I can do what I please. We don’t realize, organically, not only in our spirit, and not just our soul, even our body, should be life, should be Christ. So what we do in time and space, whether in our daily life or in the meetings, means a lot. There is an elderly sister who sometimes takes her head and says, “Poor, poor Lord Jesus,” because of all the trouble we give Him, He can’t make home in our hearts. We don’t even have such a thought most of times. So then Martha goes, after she responds, or doesn’t respond to the Lord, to Mary, and she says, “The Teacher is here, He is calling you.” “He wants to talk to you.” “I couldn’t get anywhere. So I want you to go talk to Him.” So she rose up quickly and came to Him. And still this is not in the village. This is as they are approaching. And Mary, when she gets up, the Jews that are with her think she is going to the tomb...so they all go to cry with her. Verse 32-33. “Why are you weeping? Do you know who I am? Do you realize this is My Body? This is Me?” You know, Paul in 1 Corinthians corrected, reproved the saints for how they carried out their love feast and the Lord’s supper. Because they don’t care for the other members of the Body, they are just unaware. They are eating what they want to eat, they let others go without. Because of this, “some of you are sick, and some have died.” Does that show some kind of reaction of the Lord, to how we treat Him in His members in His Body? Indignant. Doesn’t mean He hates. That means He loves the Body more than the individual. He doesn’t love the self, the flesh. Jealousy is cruel as Sheol. But His love for the Body is what should occupy us. If we are going to pray, “Lord, make my heart the duplication of Your heart,” then where is our heart? It should be for the Body. When we pray for another member, it is not because social organizations taking care of cases. It is by revelation. We know what that saint needs. If we don’t know, we don’t do anything. If we can’t say anything, then we can’t say anything.

33b. How do I get through? It is troubling. Everyone is just blinded. You know, we have that song, “When Jesus comes...waters turned to new wine...the blind are made to see.” But Jesus was here. And He is here. And then His state, in this state of troubling, pressure, tears come down, silently. Christ loved the church and gave Himself up for her, considering the joy...But everything is against Him. Our flesh, our self, our natural being. Sometimes you may have experienced this. You touch the Lord in the morning, it is a genuine time. Perhaps you realize your failure before the Lord, and are touched that nothing you have or are can match Him. And yet in His mercy, He is there infusing you with all that He is. And you get up and sit down at the table for breakfast, with the brothers, with the sisters, and there is not a way that you can express, there is not an atmosphere, not an openness, for them to receive anything from you or for there to be any fellowship. Perhaps at that point you die. Or perhaps at that point you fellowship with the Lord, how to speak a word that will turn this table’s conversation, so-called, the theater of it. The young men, young women, just behaving in their own being, being what they are naturally. Have you ever experienced this?

Verses 37-38. They are railing at the Lord. Martha again, objects. “By now he stinks! Don’t do that, that would be very unpleasant.” And Jesus said to her, “Did I not tell you, if you believe, you will see the glory of God.” If we groan in our spirit, we will find a way to bring forth Christ. If not in the instant, our spirit will be stronger to apprehend Christ in His unlimitedness with His riches. And those riches will have a way. The Lord had a way there. Everybody was a nay-sayer. They weren’t negative in the sense that the religionists were, telling Him not to do anything, not to speak, not to act. But they were just blind. So this blindness, well, Br. Lee says it this way, “Lord real situation in all the churches does not yet match this revelation.” The revelation is everything. When we care for the revelation, when we seek the revelation, when we receive the mercy that our blind eyes are open to see something more of Christ, when we chew the cud, search for Christ, the experience of Christ, the enjoyment of Christ, then that Christ that is revealed, as that revelation begins to grow, not just through the two terms or four terms of the training, but throughout the rest of our lives becomes a vision to us. The words that have come in through our understanding, become the hidden manna in us. There is a constant supply, that we can exercise our spirit. And that supply will increase as we consider Christ. All that He is, what He is for this situation, what He is for that situation, how will You meet this need? When the light shines, as Ed mentioned, I think in the summer training concerning the star, when the light shines, when mercy comes, we have nothing to do with it. We are not the source. We can’t bring the light. It is His mercy. We can ask for the mercy to come. And all we can do is wait. Positive, turning our heart, opening ourselves, worshipping Him, appreciating Him; then more and more our being can be in the Body life.

Br. Lee used three examples—mind, emotion, and will—as apartments of our being. And we have these three parts. God gave to us not to be our center, but for Him to fill. Not to have the life of the mind but so that His mind can fill our mind. So, to pray that prayer in Ephesians 3, that Christ would make His home in our hearts, we can almost do nothing except pray that. And we can pray for others. For those that are at the table in a natural realm, because that is God’s economy. This is what causes the church to be something that puts to shame the powers and the principalities as mentioned in 3:10. The angels can see the organic entity, the one new man on the earth, struggling against all the natural things, all the fleshly things, all the opinions.

“If the churches are like this, all criticisms will be stopped, we will not have any divisions...this kind of church life annuls everything negative.” Christ on the cross swallowed up death. So how will Christ, who is now the Spirit, swallow up death at your table, in your car? It is by someone, or ones, exercising the spirit to swallow up that death because the death in them is one with the death in us. And if we swallow it up by the exercise of our spirit, by applying the compound Spirit, by exercising the mingling, then others will be in resurrection, regardless of how they blind they may seem at the moment. They will be transferred. “This is the goal toward which we have to attain, and the destination to which we have to arrive...”
8/24/2019
Reading:
Why is the matter of nature brought out before the matter of life (which is more basic)?
Why does the order of Body and one new man switch?
The parallel between Genesis 1—2 and Ephesians 1—2? 1: image and dominion; 2: death and resurrection and building [counterpart (masterpiece) and mutual abode]

Recap:
Our burden is to see what the Body of Christ is intrinsically. Firstly, it is something intrinsic, meaning, it is not outward or apparent. It is something inward and even mysterious. For this we need much prayer that the Father would give us a spirit of wisdom and revelation. Then we will be able to gain the intrinsic view of the Body of Christ. This was Br. Lee’s burden.

The church, as the Body of Christ, according to the revelation in chapter 1, is the issue of the threefold impartation, or dispensing, of the Triune God and the one-fold transmission of the empowering God. In the first stage of the dispensing of the Triune God, the Father imparts His holy nature and divine life to His chosen and predestinated people by planting Himself as a small seed. Then, the Son redeems these ones into Himself as the sphere, imparting the divine element as the content of the divine nature and life, making them precious with Himself, qualifying us to become God’s possession. Finally, the Spirit imparts the divine essence into His redeemed people, sealing them as His inheritance and pledging Himself to them as their inheritance. Moreover, the fourfold power which God caused to operate in Christ is transmitted to them as the one-fold transmission, electrifying them to empower them both inwardly and outwardly. Such impartation and transmission issues in the church, the Body of Christ, the fullness of the one who fills all in all.

Within us there is not only the divine nature, the divine life, the divine element, and the divine essence, but also the divine person. We have a person in us.

8/27/2019
JLee
1230
1232
Not an overview but a simple introduction…Not a summary but a conclusion, to present what is the bottom line. What is the crucial point you want to leave with the listeners.

[Review]

I feel the presentation was good but I would say could be better, in the sense that I know the first presentation covers two chapters. Actually Br. Lee repeated somewhat he spoke in chapter 1. In the following chapters it is pretty much similar (reviewing and building up to go on). The burden is to see the church, the Body of Christ, as the new man, a person. In this regard I feel the presentation was not that clear, not that strong. It was mentioned. But it was the key burden in Ephesians 2. In Ephesians 1 we see the constitution of the Body of Christ, that, as the result, the issue, of the impartation by the Triune God, the Father’s choosing and predestination, the Son’s redeeming, the Spirit’s sealing and pledging…with the Father’s nature and life, the Son’s element, and the Spirit’s essence…becomes the constituents of the Body of Christ. But this Body of Christ still has not come into a full existence until there was a divine transmission. This part no one haas presented. Not only the impartation of the Father’s life and nature…element…and essence to constitute the Body of Christ, but there is [the need for] this fourfold power…He was made head over all things to the church. There is such a continuous transmission to the church. The church that has been produced, constituted, with the elements, with these constituents of the Triune God, the Father’s life and nature, the Son’s element, the Spirit’s essence. But there needs to be this power…When the Lord was on the earth, He was under the empowering of such a fourfold power. All things were under His feet. Now such a one is made Head over all things…to the church. Now this same power is operating in us. The same power is the power that is operating in the Body. It is at this point that the Body of Christ is fully brought into existence. So we see how the Body of Christ is constituted (through these two steps)…to issue this divine-human constitution.

In chapter 2, we see that this Body is not just a kind of merely living organism. This Body is under a headship. And the Body of Christ is a Body of a person. And in chapter 2 Paul reveals to us that this is a person, a new man, a new man whom Christ created of the cross. I think a sister said that Christ created the Body. Well, according to Ephesians 2, Christ created the new man out of two peoples (Jews and Gentiles). So on the cross there is a marvelous creating work that was going on. So we have to first see that in chapter 2 we all were not only sinful but we were old, we were ancient. Even we were 6000 years old. So we were dead in our offenses and sins. We were just utterly in a deplorable state. And utterly sinful and dead in our offenses. And it is at this point, our God, rich in mercy, came to enliven us. He raised us up and seated us together with Him. Don’t belittle these two words: with Him. When God raised Him from the dead, He wasn’t raised alone. He was raised together with us. So when God raised up His Son from the dead, also, all His members, the believers of Christ, God’s chosen people, were enliven together with Him…and seated together with Him. So today we are in the heavenlies with Him. All things are under His feet because all things are under our feet. So we have been brought into have a share…a participation even of His headship! Not the headship of the universe in terms of as in His Godhead but as the headship as the headship of all things are under His feet. And He is head over all things. And we as His Body are joined to Him organically and we participate in the headship with Him. The church as the Body of Christ is not something separate from Christ. It is not separable. It is impossible to be separated from Christ…Today, for us to see the church to such a degree, it is not a small thing. It is not just an organism, an entity of life, but this organism is joined to the head. Now in chapter 2, we are presented, this church is actually a new man, a person. When we stress the church as the Body of Christ, we stress the matter of life, that the church as the Body is living, full of life. That enable us to have movements. But in chapter 2, we are revealed something very particular. The revelation is ver particular…to show that the church actually is a person. The emphasis here is one the personality, especially the decision making. The Body emphasizes the aspect of life (enabling movement). But a person emphasizes on making decision. Maybe your body was not having any particular movement at that moment but your person was very active, making a very important decision. The church as the Body is a Body under the Head, constituting an entire person. It is a great light…for us to advance our seeing to this point. To see the church, the Body of Christ, as the new man. The new man was created on the cross while He was there. I don’t know how many Christian Bible teachers teach this aspect of Christ. How many Christians today even have the thought, this aspect…? On the cross Christ abolished all the laws and ordinances. Ask 100 Christians. 99 cannot tell you why. The don’t even know there is such a verse. The death of Christ has this marvelous aspect of not only addressing sin…and negative things, but also in addressing the ordinances. Mankind has been living on the earth for 6000 years…The nation having a certain kind of philosophy, culture…The ordinance is the result of the way we live. The habit, the ways of life, that causes us to have ordinances. Whether or not you have explicit or implicit ordinances, you have ordinances. Why do God’s people have such a strong ordinance?
…
Even the utensils used for pork…They even have two dish washers. Also they have the Sabbath elevator (which stops at every floor). They are so good, keeping the laws to the uttermost. Yet it becomes an offense. This is just one example. There are so man examples of ordinances causing offenses, stumbling, causing even division. Ordinances is a big thing. Paul gave this marvelous revelation. I would say, “Paul, how did you see this?” We know Christ as the Lamb of God taking away the sin of the world. We all know that. But for Paul to say Christ abolished all ordinances…to create the two people into one…The ordinance was deeply engrained within the jewish culture and was affecting how the believers were conducting themselves. Paul had to rebuke Peter to the face…he was practicing hypocrisy. This kind of thing caused much damage to the Body of Christ. He zeroed out everyone. Now in order to create the two (the Jews and the Gentiles) into one new man…The church is a person. He terminated not only the ordinances, but those who kept, stressed the ordinances…All the problems is due to “how many persons are in it?” If they genuinely see that we are the Body of Christ and that Christ is the unique person…not only that we need to be living, exercising the spirit, enjoying the Lord; we have to realize that it is not ‘we,’ not ‘I,’ Christ is the unique person…And God was there working together alongside. God was busy to enliven these ones. Today, there is a new man int his universe! The church is a new man, a new creation! But particularly a new man with a new personality. He has a move, He has an enemy He has to deal with. God needs a new man who can stand up, who can exercise. God’s decision, God’s will, God’s mind, to be God’s army, to be God’s representative to deal with Satan. So this revelation of the church as the new man is very, very crucial. If you read the sister book in Col. 2:15, there you see the scene at the cross. The Father was working there along with the Son. He was nailing all the ordinances on the cross, triumphing over Satan and all the principalities. God needs a new man on the earth today not just to live, to move about, but especially to execute His rule, to exercise His dominion.
…
Who is responding? Who is reacting? You are still the person. In a sense, to live Christ as life is easier. But to take Christ as our person requires a total denial of our self. Today, to take the church to the highest level…is to see that the church is a new man. Only in this way there can be the victory of the warfare…I stop here. Let’s see what else you say to confirm, enrich this word.
8/19/2019
Prophecy:
The burden of these messages is to gain an intrinsic view of the Body of Christ as revealed in the book of Ephesians. The church, as the Body of Christ, according to the revelation in chapter 1, is the issue of the threefold impartation, or dispensing, of the Triune God and the one-fold transmission of the empowering God. In the first stage of the dispensing of the Triune God, the Father imparts His holy nature and divine life to His chosen and predestinated people. Then, the Son redeems these ones into Himself, imparting the divine element as the content of the divine nature and life, making them His possession. Finally, the Spirit imparts the divine essence into His redeemed people, sealing them as His inheritance and pledging Himself to them as their inheritance. Moreover, the fourfold power which God caused to operate in Christ is transmitted to them as the one-fold transmission, electrifying them to empower them both inwardly and outwardly. Such impartation and transmission issues in the church, the Body of Christ, the fullness of the one who fills all in all.

8/20/2019
JLee
839
First year: particularly related to many outward aspects and even the history that it passed through, the degradation, the recovery, and so forth. In the second year, we are burdened to bring you into something more intrinsic…which will require you to have a particular exercise. You need not mere understanding but understanding. For this you need much prayer. Much prayer for you to receive a spirit of wisdom and revelation. The reading material may be less. Some may be just a couple of pages. The revelation revealed is deep and profound that requires you to pray yourself into the Spirit. It is not merely to understand how a church work, how a church operate, how a church is set up. That is easy to see. We are burdened that you really would see a clear and controlling vision of the Body of Christ. All the outward things, even the history the church passed through in the last two thousand years has its up and down and has its positive side and negative side. But it is only normal to expect. And many conditions of the church, they change, they vary. But when we come to the deeper thing, interns thing of the Body of Christ, these things don’t change. This is what the church is. we will begin this term with the first boo, which is the Intrinsic View of the Body of Christ. I love the word intrinsic, according to [a dictionary], that which belongs to something by its nature. That means it is not just something inward. Actually it belongs to the nature. We come to see the matter of the church in an intrinsic way, intrinsic view, we are talking about the very nature of the church…Human. Even many things that you don’t see, how they operate…so when we come to the Body of Christ, few need to have an intrinsic view, to see the Body of Christ in its intrinsic nature. What is this thing called the Body of Christ in God’s eyes…the fullness of the one who fills all in all. Today in Christianity the matter of the church is one of the most confusing item. And so many different views, different opinions, and this and that, and all these concepts and ideas about what the church should be, how the church should pray. Just the argument, opinions expressed. But when you come to the intrinsic thing, you have no argument. Sometimes you may have weakness, sickness. That doesn’t mean that that person is bad, no good. That person just undergoes different circumstances. But it doesn’t change the very nature of that person. I hope that you would see the importance that this term when you come to study this class you need much prayer to really open up your being, to have the eyes of your heart enlightened. It is not how much you can memorize or understand. It is the matter of your inner eyes being opened…seeing these deeper things. This book mainly addresses the first four books of Ephesians (which stresses the Body of Christ). Very enlightening. You have heard messages along this line. The words themselves may not be new. But I would say the revelation is unfathomable. I can testify to you again, even today, I was considering these messages again, I don’t know how many times I read these messages…I’ve been teaching this class for decades. Every time I need to come and read it again. I read it twice. And even this time, just considering what is here. I can testify to you, even today I received something new. The revelation of the Body is unfathomable. So, the Body of Christ, the church, we are talking about the church, and particularly revealed in Ephesians, as the Body of Christ, and the best way to learn about the Body is to look at your own, human body, how your human body works. And that will help you to understand the church as the Body of Christ and organism. And I believe that the Body of Christ is, when God made man, He created the human body from the dust of the ground, He made the human body with the Body of Christ in view. Not the other way. Actually in eternity God had the desire to have the Body of Christ. So He formed human body according to that…so how a human body works helps us to understand how the Body of Christ works. The human body is an organism. It is not like a table, chair, organization. That means it is an entity of life. That is an entity of life that causes this body to work. This body is a marvelous thing (so many members, eyes…). Too intricate. A number of years I had a shoulder problem in Boston area. I was brought to a shoulder depart. The whole depart talk about shoulder. What is this? This is just a small part but the hospital has a whole big department, all the doctors, young and old, studying about how this shoulder works. And this body is to help us learn how to live in the Body of Christ. This human body, in spite of so many members, operate in such a wonderful way because there is this life operating in it. As soon as that human life is removed, even though you cannot exactly locate, identify what this human life is, you know it is there. You know you have it but you cannot show it. How do you show forth your human lief? Impossible. Where is it? It is in there. When that human life stops and is absent, everything stops. Your thinking stops. Your organ, communication, falls apart. This is how God designed this organism to keep going. In the same way the Body of Christ is the organism of the Triune God. There is something that keeps it going. That is the divine life. That is this life that keeps the Body of Christ going. And as soon as we depart, deviate from that life, we are finished. All you are left with is a corpse, just a frame. What kind of life? It is not wrong to say divine life. This organism of the Body of Christ is an entity of Christ and His people. And Christ as the Head His believers are the part, the members of this Body. So the very life that constitutes this Body is not merely the divine life. This life that constitute the Body of Christ is a divine and human life. It is a mingled life. This is a very important point. Sometimes we may think that the church is a spiritual entity. Then it is God’s life, the divine life, that dominates. Apparently, it is not wrong. But if you look at it deeply, it is not merely something spiritual, divine…there is something human…there is the human life…In Genesis God brought forth life…He brought man into the garden of Eden. So God is very much interested in the matter of life. Even in the matter of creation, His focus was on how to bring life into being…level after level. But the church as the Body of Christ is produced, constituted, with what kind of life? Not just with the divine life; but as well as the human life mingled together. It is a mingled life. It is the life that was displayed and lived out by the God-man Jesus Christ. The best way for us to learn about this life is by looking at how Jesus lived. Jesus said, I am the life, I am the resurrection and the life. He is the reality of that life. When He was burn, He was a God incarnated to be a man, born in a manger. Yet in Isa. 9:6, that child was the Mighty God, that son was the eternal Father…Even people now are studying who is He? Isn’t He a carpenter’s son? But how could He speak the things He did, do the things He did? In the last two thousand years people have been studying…was He God, like a ghost, or was He man with a superior [nature]? No. He was a God-man. He lived a mingled life. He had to sleep, He had to rest. He got tired. He wept. He had feelings. He was not above feelings. He was not above hurt. He passed through everything every human being passed through. Yet in the human course of passing through…He expressed something marvelous, something excellent. Something is even indescribable, because He was not just an ordinary human being. He had God’s life in Him. And that life of God was integrated, intermingled with His humanity. You could not differentiate which part His divinity began and which part His divinity began. Divinity and humanity interpenetrated, intermingled together to form this wonderful person, the wonderful God-man. What kind of person was He when He was on the cross? “My God, My God, why have You forsaken Me?” He told people, “My Father is with Me.” But there, when He was saying from 9am to 3pm, the first three hours, He was disciplined by men, the last three hours He was judged by God. And at that moment He cried out…as if He was just a man there. But yet in Heb. 9:14, Paul tells us that it is through the eternal Spirit He was crucified there. He was there on the cross, not by Himself alone. God the Father was with Him, God the Spirit was also with Him. So it was not just a some kind of martyr. A very good man who was sacrificing Himself. He was the very God Himself being crucified. He was God in man being crucified.

And when He resurrected, did He just forsake His humanity? Even in His resurrection, in His ascension, He brought humanity with Him. When Stephen was being stoned, He saw the Son of Man standing there, not just the Son of God. Jesus the man, now in resurrection, now in ascension. So, we need to be impressed. The very life that produces the church, that constitutes the church as the Body of Christ is such a life. The Head Christ, who is the Head of the Body, He lived that life. He lived that divine and human life mingled together. So His Body has to be the same. As the Head was, so is the Body.

Title: The Body of Christ is the issue of God’s impartation and transmission in His…

We have learned, even in your first year, the church cannot be formed by man. No human being is qualified to form the church. You can form a religious organization. But you cannot form the church as the Body of Christ. The Body of Christ is the coming out, the issue of something. Of what? This impartation and transmission of the Triune God in His Divine Trinity. We saw that the very life that is needed to form this Body, to produce this Body, is a divine and human life mingled together. And how does this life get in there? This life is imparted, transmitted, into a group of people and this life is not just imparted and transmitted but now this life has some kind of transmission, within this group of people, to make them the Body. You have read Eph. 1 many, many times. In this chapter we are shown the most wonderful revelation concerning, on one hand the people call it “the blessing of the Trinity,” but in another view we see the impartation of the Triune God in His Divine Trinity. God the Father imparts, God the Son also imparts, God the Spirit also imparts. In that section from verse 3 onward to verse 14, we see first how the Father, who chose us in eternity past…to be holy, and predestinated us unto sonship. The source of the Body of Christ is God the Father…Before you and I existed, He chose us. He chose you, He chose me, to be a part of this Body. And He predestinated. Predestination means marking out. I like that piece of cloth. And you chose that and you predestinated. You marked that down…God the Father did these two things. This is the process. And then the Son, also in the process, had to redeem. Because what the Father has chosen and predestinated God damaged, corrupted, by Satan, by the evil one. He had to come to redeem, to restore, to recover us back to that original condition. Then God the Spirit also had to do something…to be a seal and a pledge over us. So now what God has chosen, predestinated, the Son has redeemed, the Spirit has come to seal, confirm, that these people belong to God…This is a process but only a superficial process. In a deeper level, you will see that this is not merely an action that Triune God did for us. Underneath, you can see the matter of impartation. In the Father’s choosing and predestination…to be holy means to be as God. In the Bible’s usage, holiness is a term attributed to God only. No matter how clean you are (wearing pure white), doesn’t make you any holier than anyone walking on the street. Holiness is not something external, not something about your idea. In China, “Holy people, holy persons,” because they have a special kind of ideas, philosophy. No, according to the Bible’s usage, holiness is a word that is attributed to only God Himself. Only God Himself is holy. That means God has chosen us to become Him. His holy nature has been imparted into us…For God to choose us to be holy, means that He has already imparted His holy nature into us. This is the only way to be holy. How can we be the sons if we do not have His very life? For us to be sons of God, surely it is not by adoption. It is by the divine birth. So God’s life and nature has been imparted into us through His choosing and predestination.

Then such ones were ruined. Satan came in to ruin, damage, and spoil. So in keeping with His plan, God sent His Son to come to redeem. He came to be our Savior, the Redeemer, to shed the blood. So in verses 7-12, we are shown that in Him we have redemption. He came to redeem the fallen man. He came to be a man, to die in our stead, so we can be cleansed washed, back to [our] original condition. There is a deeper level to that process. In the process of…redemption…He transformed the people who were fallen in Adam into Himself. It is not a matter of Christ forgiving us in an outward way. The work of Christ’s redemption ultimately accomplishes this step, which is to bring us, the fallen and redeemed ones into Himself. Into another realm. 2 Cor. 5, “If anyone is in Christ, He is a new creation.” Every believer of Jesus Christ is a person in Christ. These two words, “in Christ,” are the biggest words in the whole New Testament. It means everything. And it affects everything. This refers to our position. In Christ, through Christ’s work of redemption, we got a transfer. So today, it is crucial, and it is absolutely necessary for us to see where we are in Christ’s redemption. We have been transferred into another person. We are a people who are in Christ. In the New Testament, you see this phrase used repeatedly. All the things that God did for His people were carried out in Christ. The logo…for the Living Stream Ministry. Br. Lee himself designed that. And in Greek it is εν Χριστος. This is the New Testament ministry, to bring people into Christ. If you are in Christ, spontaneously you are under God’s blessing. His holiness becomes your holiness (e.g. righteousness)…Redemption is a person. He is our redemption. Through His redemptive work, we have been transferred into this wonderful person, who Himself is our redemption. It means that it is int sphere of, and also with the element of Christ. To be in something, to be “made in…” means a certain realm and with that item. So we are within the realm of Christ and made with the element of Christ. We have Christ as our element. In that nature is the very element which constitutes the content of God’s life. In the life of God, in the nature of God, the content is the very element, which is Christ Himself. And this is why we are told that through Christ’s imparting Himself into us through His redemption, we become God’s inheritance…we have been designated as an inheritance. We are an inheritance. We are God’s inheritance…Jer. “Our righteousness is filthy rags in God’s eyes.” Your top achievement, top attainment, is nothing. It is actually vanity of vanities and actually is filthy rags. Does God want to inherit filthy rags? No. But here in Ephesians…by imparting His precious element into us, He has made us inheritable by God. He see you in Christ through the lens of Christ. And with the element of Christ, you become precious to God. You would become His inheritance. Don’t belittle any one of us (your self, and saints). We are God’s inheritance. God wants to possess us…His people became beautiful, became perfect. You can argue with God, “We saw a lot of shortcomings…” That is your [view]. He wants to actually inherit us and possess us. This is because Christ as the element has been imparted into us. Otherwise how can we become inheritable?

Also, God the Spirit came. To what? To seal us. And to be a pledge. Now this time it is talking about our inheritance. The element of Christ makes us God’s inheritance. And now, the Spirit came in to seal us. The Spirit is a living seal. All that God has imparted into us, actually is not something that is once for all, static. Rather, through the Spirit, He is sealing us constantly, continuously. We know the Spirit is the anointing. 1 John, we are shown that the Spirit is the very anointing, painting us layer by layer, imparting into us all that God is. He is sealing us with the very element, the very essence. This process is continuous. It doesn’t stop. Even when we think that we had a failure, got defeated…the Spirit continues to paint over you. Don’t forget, you belong to God. God the Father has chosen you, predestinated you…Now the Son has already redeemed you with His blood. He paid the price. Even imparted His very element [into] you. We want that trace of Christ to increase, to multiply. There is a trace of Christ in each one of us. Now the Spirit comes to assure us…He is sealing you, pledging to you…God is our real inheritance. There is nothing on this earth with your inheritance. Sometimes I think about these rich people in the world (multibillionaires)…is that what you want to inherit at the encrouaged of your life? Rolls Rois 3 by 6 box? What is our inheritance? God Himself. This God is enjoyable today. We don’t wait till ‘heaven’ to get our inheritance. Today, as we are walking on the earth as a child of God, the Spirit is sealing us and pledging to us, God as our inheritance. According to what God measures to us, our human journey (successful or not so successful) that doesn’t really matter. All those outward things will pass away in the encrouaged. But our real inheritance is God Himself…Today, the Spirit as the consummation of the Triune God…He is doing the work of sealing us. In these two years, you are getting sealed day by day. He is sealing you by saturating you vertically and permeating horizontally, spreading down, spreading sideways, and basically to saturate our entire being with Himself, with the very Spirit, and this Spirit is nothing less than the very Triune God Himself. The more we have the sealing, the more we have the assurance that God is…I become God’s inheritance. We and God and God and we inherit each other mutually. This is what the Body of Christ is. it is the result of this kind of issue, the issue of the impartation, of the Triune God in His Divine Trinity, not just the process…but there is a deeper level of these processes, the process of His impartation, imparting His nature and life and element and essence into us.

There is another…the transmission. The transmission is related to a power…Now the same power is operating in us. And it is at this point that Paul says, “The church, which is His Body, the fullness of the One who fills all in all.” Through the Triune God’s threefold impartation, we are made the Body. But yet we still cannot be yet the Body of Christ not until we are connected to the ascended Christ, the Christ who has been crucified, resurrected, ascended, ruling over all, having all things subjected under His feet, made Head over all things…made transmission to the church, here comes the church. The church is not brought forth until the Head is revealed. [Today], I realized that this transmission is not like an electricity transmission in the power line but the transmission form the head to the body. Do you realize how much transmission your head is transmitting to your body every day? It has an instant transmission. Yes, through the impartation the Body is made ready. But the coming out of the church as the Body will not be until the Head is there and the transmission takes place. And through that transmission the Body stands up. Now the Body has a direction, has a move, and can act. It is not just any kind of Body, just some kind of organism, a glob of body. It is the Body of Christ. The body of a person. Christ is the Head of the Body. If Christ is not there, the Body means nothing. The church can only be the Body of Christ when the headship of Christ is realized. And under this headship, there is the constant transmission, the power to overcome death, to overcome any kind of depression, suppression, to subdue all things under the feet and to make us head over all things…we can stand up. We have direction, there is motivation, and here the church is not just a body; it is the Body of Christ. It is the fullness of the One who fills all in all. don’t ever forget that this Body is just a body of people, loving one another and well-connected…The Body must be under the transmission of Christ…So the Body of Christ was not revealed, mentioned until the last verse of this chapter, not earlier. Even after the impartation of the Triune God, the Body was not ready to come forth until the transmission of the Head was ready. Praise the Lord for the issue of the impartation and the transmission of the Triune God in His Divine Trinity to bring us forth to be the church, the fullness of the One who fills all in all. 12/19/2019
1208
1206
750
JLee
Walking as the sons of God…After we have seen so much concerning God’s economy, what should we do?…How do we live? How do we carry out our living under this vision that we have received? The bottom line is the matter of walking by the Spirit. The Spirit is the ultimate consummation of the Triune God. The Spirit is the reality of Christ, who is the center, the focus, of God’s economy. The Spirit is God’s reaching to us. Right? And after we have seen all of God’s desire…The unique commandment, now for us believers to do, is to walk according to the Spirit. We have to walk by the Spirit. This may be somewhat familiar to many of us. But let us consider this a little bit deeper, further, today.

Walking by the Spirit as what kind of persons? Not as redeemed sinners but as sons of God. The New Testament mainly presents to us two things: 1) God’s redemption. This, we clearly see from the work of Jesus Christ coming to redeem man to die on the cross, to shed the blood, so that He can redeem us back to God. 2) There is a second part that is concerning the economy of this redemption. There is the redemption itself carried out by the Son of God, Jesus Christ, then there is the economy of this redemption, which is mainly carried out by the Spirit. What most Christians appreciate…is the matter of redemption, accomplished by the Son of God, Jesus Christ. Many may not be clear…and not be impressed with the [fact] that there is such thing as the economy of God’s redemption, which is the issue, the result of God’s redemption. God’s redemption is only procedure, it is only a process. That is not the final goal. God has to redeem us in Christ in order to bring us to the goal. What is the goal? The goal is simply this matter of sonship. I hope that you have been, through this term, getting into this matter of God’s economy…God’s economy is not just to help us, to render some help to us, to change us, to do something for us. God’s economy is about God gaining a household. This is His household management. From the very beginning God desired to gain a household, a group of sons who possess His life, His nature, to be His reproduction for His expression, for His representation. Because of man’s fall, God had to send His Son to redeem us. But that is only a procedure. Deep in the heart of God, there is a goal…To not only gain many sinners, but to gain many sons, who possess His life and His nature, that, in an organic way, they will express Him. They will be God’s reproduction, expression…in a corporate way on this earth. This is what His economy is about. He wants to gain us to be His many sons. For this, He first needs to accomplish redemption…Then when He resurrected, He became a life-giving Spirit. And as the life-giving Spirit, He came to regenerate all the saved ones who were redeemed by Christ. And as such a Spirit, He regenerated us with the life of God. And He deposited the life and nature of God into us to make us His sons. So, while the redemption was accomplished by Christ the Son, the economy of this redemption, which concerns the goal, the goal of God’s economy, which concerns the issue, the coming out, of this redemption, is to produce many sons of God. And that is done by the work of the Spirit. Firstly coming to regenerate us, then to sanctify us, to renew us, to transform us, to conform us, and to glorify us. This work of the Spirit to make us sons of God involves many stages.

Now, here, we have been spending much time in the book of Galatians. We see this. And also, I would say, there is a sister book to the book of Galatians—the book of Romans. Christians actually appreciate the book of Romans…and a bit the book of Galatians…Present God’s redemption is a good way. Martin Luther, justification by faith, was based on Romans…Even more, more substantially, the economy of God’s redemption is to produce sonship. In Galatians we see that 4:4-7…So in Galatians we are shown not only the redemption, the redemptive work that Christ did. But through our being redeemed, we can receive the sonship. He even sent the Spirit. He would send forth the Spirit of His Son into our parts, whereby we can cry, “Abba Father.” And in Romans we also have a similar verse…Beginning actually from chapter 5 of Romans, the apostle turned very much to the matter of sonship, especially in chapter 8. God has sent forth the Spirit of sonship into us, whereby we can cry, “Abba Father.” In both books, we see redemption very clearly. But we also see the matter of God’s economy in this matter to produce sons.

And, the producing of the sonship is related to the Spirit. It is the Spirit’s work. Actually it is the Spirit of His Son, the Spirit of sonship that has been put into us, enabling us to cry Abba Father. This is quite wonderful, I feel, even to see parallel, the comparison between these two books…God’s economy in His redemption is to produce sons of God. This producing of the sons of God is by His Spirit. And it is His coming into us to regenerate us, to renew us, sanctify us, transform us, conform us, and eventually glorify us; this is the goal of God’s economy to produce many sons who are exactly like Himself, who are His duplication and multiplication.

So, this matter of sonship is intimately related to the Spirit. Without the Spirit, it is impossible for God to gain the sonship. The redemption was accomplished by God the Son…But it is only through the Spirit’s work that the sonship can be produced. And who is this Spirit? Nothing less than the very Triune God Himself. This Spirit is the reality of Christ; the consummation of this processed and consummated Triune God coming into us to carry out His organic salvation. If we are going to experience and apply all that we have been learning in God’s economy, we have to know this Spirit, experience this Spirit, enjoy this Spirit, we have to, just as the apostle Paul said, “Walk according to the Spirit.” This Spirit is everything to us. This Spirit is not the Spirit that was in Genesis 1 brooding upon the dead water…This was the Spirit that Jesus was referring to John 7:39…In other words, this Spirit is referred to as One, the Spirit of God who passed through a process and now consummated whom we can receive and who can indwell in the believers. Now we are indwelt by the Spirit of the Lord Jesus…the Triune God…This Spirit is now mingling with our spirit. His Spirit witnesses with our spirit that we are children of God. Not just saved sinners. Not just redeemed sinners. “Now we are forgiven, ready to go to heaven.” This…We are sons of God! We need to know Him, we need to experience Him, we need to apply Him. That’s why after all that Paul has spoken, revealed, at the end, all he could say was “Walk by the Spirit.” In the Old Testament, all people could say was, “Honor the law, follow the law.” Now in the New Testament…That was a type. That was used in the Old Testament to preserve God’s people. Now, in the New Testament age, the very Triune God has been processed and consummated to be the Spirit who now dwells within us and who now even mingles with our spirit to be one spirit with us. And our responsibility as believers in the New Testament, we need to live and walk by this Spirit.

Also, both in Galatians and Romans we see not only the matter of sonship. We also see the matter of walking. Galatians 4. “As many as are led by the Spirit, we are not under the law.” The Spirit is leading us. We are no longer under the law…

Here we see clearly that God’s desire is not only to redeem us, to produce saved sinners, but to produce sons of God by sending not only His Son but His Spirit into us…We need to cooperate with Him to live by Him, to walk by Him, to walk according to the Spirit. This is all we have to do and all we need to do…We should just walk and live by this Spirit, who is now indwelling us, mingling with us, and one Spirit with us. Although to say this is simple, to actually live in this reality is not that simple.

The matter of walking implies what? Our manner of life. To walk is to conduct ourselves. How do you conduct yourself? Your rising, your eating, your daily living, your transaction. All the things about you. It’s not only the time that you do religious things…come to pray. Daily living. How do you conduct yourself when you interact with people? The “walking” is all-inclusive term, touching every area of our life. And Paul says, “Walk by the Spirit.” Not just “pray by the Spirit, read the word by the Spirit.” You all enjoy singing in the meetings…that is wonderful. But as soon as you walk out of meeting place, you interact with different ones…Your emotion got stirred up. Something not so pleasant happened to you…You feel bad, “I shouldn’t act that way, I am a Christian, I am a trainee!” So you repent back to the Lord, “Help me God, for me to behave more like a trainee.” Then you pray your religious prayers. This is about as far as most good Christians are. Of course some could care less and continue to live the way they do. But many better Christians, they feel bad…repented. But what is this? Is this walking by the Spirit? In a recent conference, I mentioned the seven layers of tomb that we are buried under, that hinders us from living out, from carrying out God’s economy in our daily life. You still remember? 1) The fall of man. Man has become fallen. Man was not only created. Because Satan came in, the serpent came in, seduced man, man became fallen. There is a fallen nature in man that is sinful. That is called sin. 2) Natural life. Along with this fallen nature, there is the natural being. God does not want anything natural. After man was created, God want[ed] man to partake of the tree of life. Man needs to read another life and be regenerated by another life…But man not only became fallen but has a natural life. This is what we have…by birth. 3) Culture(?) 4) Religion. This is a big area. In last 6000 years…Every human being have some religious nature in them. Even the atheists. They have the atheistic religion. They denounce the existence of God. But that is also a kind of religion. There is an inclination in man, wanting to good, to honor this supreme being. There is a religious nature in man. 5) Ethics. Who does not like ethics? We all appreciate ethics. The whole Confucius teaching is built on ethical teachings, helping people to be good. The other day I took a über, talking to the driver if he had ever heard about Jesus Christ. He said, “As long as I want to be good…that is good enough.” They just want to be ethical, to be kind, to be proper, and so forth. Then you have another layer, that is 6) our virtues. As far as virtues, it is something relative. What one views as a virtue may not be consider by another as a virtue (e.g. quickness)…But some say, “No, to be slow is a virtue.”…Anyhow, the fact is that not only we have ethical thinking, but also we have view of virtues. Then lastly, the seventh layer. I would say to this some may have a difficulty to understand. 7) Our spiritual pursuit, our spiritual seeking. That is probably the most difficult one to overcome. What’s wrong with being spiritual? We know being religious is not good. But how about being spiritual? Being religious is all outward. But spiritual, you seek to be spiritual. To be loving, to be proper. The spiritual seeking. I cannot forget when Br. Lee gave the God-man living…concerning the man of prayer. And he said, what is this man of prayer? He is a man in the flesh praying to God. This matter of prayer is not praying for the outward things…not even for His spiritual success, spiritual attainment. He is just a man in the flesh, praying to the God in the heaven. Something like that. So…when Jesus Christ came, He was not a religious man. Surely He was not an ethical man. Neither was He just a spiritual man. He was a man living in the divine and mystical realm. He was a man in the flesh. Yet, He lived a life mystically, living by the Father. Well, these seven layers, I hope, you would consider much about this. As long as we are covered by these layers, it will be difficult, nearly impossible, for us to live by the Spirit. When we carry out a kind of walk, live by ourselves, right away, what comes up is a reaction…based on our learning, our education, our natural reaction, or even from your knowledge from the Bible that you learned.

All of those, brothers and sisters, have been a hindrance for God’s children to live and walk according to God’s economy. God’s economy is simply to impart, dispense, His Son into us to be our life, to be our everything. Yet we still live…treasur[ing] something of ethics, religion, spiritual seeking. What is wrong with my spiritual pursuit? The Lord has to enlighten us. If we see God’s economy so thoroughly, we would denounce and condemn my spiritual seeking. I am not here to seek spirituality, to be a spiritual person. I am here to be a son of God, I am a child of God…The Spirit is leading us continuously. Not just occasionally…You are seeking the Spirit’s leading…not knowing that the Spirit has been leading you continuously, all the time…If you would listen, if you would pay attention, this Spirit is within us, leading us, moment by moment. And if we are sons of God, if we would be careful paying attention to the Spirit, we will [realize] that He is leading us. When you go to a certain direction…The Spirit is leading you…Pay attention to your spirit! The Spirit in you is leading you…Do we defer to how we were brought up? We say, “I am a son of God.”…So you learn to walk by the Spirit…The teaching of the Bible that you learned. Even, in the two years of the training, you learn a lot. Many high peak truths. God’s eternal economy. His eternal purpose. How do you take these things? Do you take them just as some kind of religious teaching for your new reference point? Or do you live by the Spirit? So, this Spirit is the very consummation of the processed Triune God. He is living in us. And our desperate need today is for us to live and walk by this Spirit according to this Spirit both in the meetings, outside of the meetings. This is what we need to build…up. Why do you…prophesy this way? Because the Spirit leads you. Why are you going to serve, going to job, going to Boston? Because the Spirit leads you…And none of us should do something because, “That place needs me. That place asked me to go. The elders want me to serve.” Does the Spirit want you to serve?…Well, you have to learn to follow the Spirit. Sometimes there is a conflict…Then you don’t just rebel against the elders and say, “I am following the Spirit, I don’t care what you say.” Those brothers, they also have the Spirit. We have to fellowship. We have to learn to follow the Spirit, to fellowship, so that through the fellowship, the Spirit’s mind can be brought forth. Instead of just readily going to react to certain response…to turn away from a situation and use your spirit as the excuse. No, the Spirit is always one with the Body. The Body is also always full of the Spirit…At the same time we need to also know our spirit. Live and walk by the Spirit.

Another thing that is related to this…is the matter of being conformed. The conformity…Gal. 4:19. Christ formed in you. What is to have someone formed in us? That means He is taking shape in us. Now, in Romans 8:29…This matter of sonship that God desires is that all the sons look the same. All the sons are the same. Same in life, nature, appearance. We all look like Jesus Christ. That’s why 1 John 3 can tell us, “We all shall be like Him.” This is the destiny. This is the very point when God created man in Christ’s image, likeness, it is because He wanted them to be the same…This sonship involves this process of conformation. We need to be conformed to the firstborn Son of God (not an outward…)…Yes, in the recovery, we forsake all the divisions…We have certain ways that we meet…a certain way that we carry out our meeting. And through the years in the church life, we may be conformed even to our local church way. Even here in the training, you pick up a lot of things, how we do things. I hope you would understand this correctly. Not misunderstand for you to think, “I am to be freed, freestyle…” No. You are in the training. You have to conduct yourself as trainees. In the church life we have to conduct yourselves as members…But within us, there is a realization that we are here to be conformed to the image of God’s firstborn Son. We are not here just to practice certain ways in the church life.

If you live in the Lord’s recovery long enough, there is a certain style we say things. One said, “Praise the Lord, this, this, this…” Br. Lee said, “Praise the Lord for what? Don’t waste your time. Let’s get to the point.” We are so used to, habitually, we pick up certain things…We are so easily conformed outwardly according to the environment. So, in these two books, we see the matter of redemption…We have to walk and live by this Spirit…

As you go forth…Learn to live and walk by the Spirit. This Spirit is the distillation, the crystallization of what you have been learning. Yes, God’s economy is so marvelous, so much. Yet at the same time it is so simple. It is the Spirit in our spirit…This Spirit will conform us to the image of God’s Son, making us His corporate Body, which we call the one new man today. What is this one new man? We all become the same. All the members, we are all part of Christ. And we are all under the conforming work of the Spirit. This corporate Christ, who is the Head as well as the Body.

So, we don’t want to pick up, forsaking the worldly religion, old religion, a new form, new routine. Every day, when you come to the meeting, you exercise your spirit…You just overflow. The Spirit leads to speak this…You are not there to prophesy, to carry out BNBP. You are just there to live out the Spirit. I hope the Lord would bring us, all in the recovery, on and on, that in our meetings…we know nothing but this very Spirit.

#750. His Spirit must saturate us. His Spirit must permeate us, to bring forth not only a transformation but conformation, conforming us to the image of God’s firstborn Son. When this happens, this will be the emergence of the one new man all over the earth. That will be the fulfillment of God’s economy.
11/21/2019
Reading:
	-	Subjective faith (the act of believing): hearing (Gal. 3:2, 5; Rom. 10:17), appreciating (Heb. 12:2), calling (Rom. 10:9), receiving (John 1:12), accepting (John 3:16), joining (Rom. 11:23), partaking (Heb. 11:1), enjoying (Acts 26:18).

Prophecy:
In 1 Corinthians 15:10, Paul says that “by the grace of God” he is what he is. In Galatians 2:20, he says, the life which he now lives, he lives in faith. His living by grace is equal to his living in faith, showing that grace and faith both refer to the same thing on two sides. As implied in Galatians 3:5 and 2, grace is the supplying of the Spirit on God’s side while faith is the receiving of the Spirit on our side. Whenever we are under the speaking of words of grace, whether in our conversations with one another or in the meetings, we are actually under the hearing of faith. Then, by this faith, we receive the Triune God as grace to be our life and our everything so that we may enjoy Him in a full way. (Through this enjoyment we become one with Him, eventually becoming a universal and eternal entity to express His marvelous divinity.)

11/28/2019
DHo
163
166
When we heard (as trainees) that Br. Lee had gone to be with the Lord, in that meeting this hymn (166) came out…[what the Lord will do anew. ]

Sharing:
The overcomers are hearing constantly.

In the time left I have some burden…[on experience]. First, that you would all see this contrast. That we would not be working Christians but hearing Christians. There is a contrast between the Spirit and the flesh. What accompanies the Spirit? Yes, many things, but in this message, faith. The Spirit, flesh, faith, law. These principles.

Supply
Demand
Spirit
Flesh
Faith
Law
Hearing
Works
Abel
Cain
Mary
Martha

Heb. 11:8. “By faith Abel offered a more excellent sacrifice.” Even early in that age, faith has come. Able was under the hearing of faith from his parents. And under that, he offered in faith a more excellent sacrifice. Cain, apparently under the same hearing, disregarded that and…[did according to primitive] innate sense of religion.

A New Testament pair: Mary and Martha. Luke 10. Do we have the sense, in coming to the Lord, we just need one thing. We are seeking just one thing. Just to be under the hearing of faith. To be under the imparting of grace. In seeing clearly the difference between being a hearing Christian and a doing Christian. It doesn’t mean we don’t serve. The way we serve comes from this posture of sitting at His feet…

…There is a big portion about the objective and mainly the subjective part of faith…Hearing, appreciation, calling, receiving, accepting, becoming joined to the Lord Jesus, partaking of Him, and enjoying Him. What’s not on that list. If you ask most believers, What is the subjective…of faith, believing? Feelings. Because as a younger believer, it’s not wrong to point to some component of feeling. But the trajectory of our spiritual progress is where our feelings are diminished more and more. And in our experience, actually faith is verses feelings. Not only feelings diminish, our faith will be in contrast to feelings. Genuinely faith is not based on feelings. We are like a surfer in pacific ocean. You get on the wave, ride it, and there is some emotion. And the wave passes and you paddle back out and wait for another wave. It is not wave that carries us. We are buoyed by it. Uplifted by it. But as you go on in the Lord. The waves will go away. And you have to be able to realize that faint sense in your spirit, which is quite mysterious, it is not feeling…that is faith. Even to realize, in the absence of feeling, that you are one with the Lord, passing through whatever you are passing through…And then you will have to go further. Where is not the absence of feeling but contrary feeling. Everything is contrary. But in faith, the unique requirement of God’s economy…we are washed, we walk, we stand, Christ is making His home in our hearts. So we move beyond feelings. And even to know that God who hides Himself is still operating. And as believers we live in faith, live by faith. So this is crucial to be in this column. This is our pathway. And the Lord as the Author and the Perfecter of our faith will bring us on in this pathway. Sometimes the waves are there. That is okay. But most of the times there will be no current…and we are being weaned off of that.

More about these eight points. Receiving and accepting. These subjective points, it doesn’t even say, “agreeing.” And in a sense it doesn’t even say, “believe.” It just says receive and accept. So much of our faith has to do simply with receiving and accepting…along the way, you may disagree. What are you doing that? I’m not sure if I believe you, I don’t know if I trust you. I don’t know if you have the money in the bank account…But, if you just simply receive and accept, that is actually the subjective aspect of faith. I say this because in our shepherding of the saints, even the young people, we have to help them receive and accept…Their faith may be tested. They may not agree with certain things, not be able to believe certain things. But help infuse them to simply receive and accept. I don’t know if this is clear but I just hope you would see, experientially, so much of faith has to do with receiving and accepting. Can we simply accept the Lord’s forgiveness…We may hold on to things. We may disagree with the Lord’s way. But can you receive and accept what the Lord has done in faith?

I would like to close with the hearing of faith in the meetings of the church. I think I can speak for all of us that in this first part of the meeting, we were all under the supplying of the faith. There is something that a dear brother once shared, which is that, “Christ is always stronger in our brother’s heart in our own.” I thought about that and I agree. Not doctrinally…but subjectively, Christ is strong in our brother’s heart. What does that mean? When I am hearing a testimony, a sharing, I am infused with encouragement. And where I felt the weakness in my faith, this member of the Body, there is portion there that is so precious and even becomes the encouragement for myself. Paul, “That I with you may be encrouaged among you through the faith which is in one another both yours and mine.” Philemon. Verse 5-6. “Hearing of your love…that the fellowship of your faith may become effective…which is in you for Christ.” When we are in the meeting…there is a mutuality of faith. And we are encrouaged by the faith that is in one another. At the end of these meetings you don’t say, “Wow, that portion of that brother, I really remember that.” We are just generally encrouaged…Do not despise your portion. Do not despise prophecies. Sometimes a saint stand up and you say, “I know what this one is going to say.” There is the mutuality of faith…When we see a young person sharing, in a sense, experientially, Christ is stronger in that young brother…To this kind of sense, this changes every church meeting…linked to God’s economy…

In these last weeks, remember, faith is not based on feelings. Do you only share when you have the feeling to share?…You have a portion, we need your portion. May we end the last term of this term in a victorious way.
11/29/2019
Reading:
	-	With law, there are demands. But with faith there are no demands; there is only the receiving of the processed Triune God.
Twelve crucial subjects (in Galatians 3):
	1.	Christ crucified.
	2.	Christ and the Spirit.
	3.	The hearing of faith versus works of law.
	4.	The Spirit as the blessing of the gospel.
	5.	The Spirit versus the flesh.
	6.	The gospel preached to Abraham.
	7.	The promise versus the law.
	8.	Faith replacing law.
	9.	The seed of Abraham and the sons of Abraham.
	10.	Baptized into Christ.
	11.	Putting on Christ.
	12.	All one in Christ.
	-	The total blessing of the gospel is the Spirit.
	-	The Spirit as the realization of Christ in our experience is the good land as the source of God’s bountiful supply for us to enjoy—Gen. 12:7; Col. 1:12; 2 Cor. 3:17.
Prophecy:
The blessing of Abraham, according to Genesis 12, is the the good land, which was a type of the all-inclusive Christ (Col. 1:12; 2:6-7). Since Christ is eventually realized as the all-inclusive life-giving Spirit, the blessing of the promised Spirit corresponds to the blessing of the promised land.

Actually, the Spirit as the realization of Christ in our experience is the good land as the source of God’s bountiful supply for us to enjoy

Total blessing of the gospel is not merely things such as salvation, redemption, forgiveness, the eternal life, etc. but a wonderful all-inclusive person, the all-inclusive Spirit.

12/5/2019
CBirchler
1113
539
Gal. 3:14. Not just to save us from our sins but to redeem us so that to us the blessing of Abraham might come. It came in Christ Jesus. The blessing came in this person Christ Jesus. He is the blessing. The blessing of Abraham is Christ Jesus. When God spoke of this blessing coming, He was speaking of the coming of Christ Jesus…You are blessed. Where? In Christ Jesus. The blessing is in this wonderful person…That we might receive. The blessing of Abraham amp that we might receive the blessing. The blessing of Abraham came in Christ Jesus. Then it would make sense that we might receive Christ Jesus. But Paul says, that we might receive the promise of the Spirit. This blessing, this promise, is Christ coming to us as the Spirit. And this is the blessing of the gospel. This Spirit, the Spirit, is the blessing. The blessing of the gospel. We would like to say, “God bless you.” Do we have the full appreciation of what God’s blessing to us is? God’s blessing is in Christ Jesus. Christ Jesus today is the Spirit. The real blessing, the greatest blessing, the ultimate blessing, is the Triune God embodied in Christ, having gone through the necessary process so that today He comes to us as the Spirit. That’s the blessing. That’s the ultimate blessing. That’s the blessing of the gospel.

Because of many centuries of religious teaching…it is not easy to understand what it means when God says to bless the nations. The understanding is many times too shallow. Related to outward things that God would give organic union. Mate related to your health. Things like this. Actually ,we need to realize that God has blessed us with Himself as the Spirit. So in this class, we want to look at this matter and remember these twelve crucial aspects, or subjects…

Today, we are on the fourth crucial subject. The Spirit as the blessing of the gospel…The contrast between faith and law. With the law, it is the basis of for the relation between man and God in the Old Testament. You can summarize the Old Testament as the dispensation of the law. And the law requires something. The law require that man use his own effort to fulfill the law’s requirement in order to please God. So if you want to please God, in the Old Testament dispensation of the law, you needed to use your own effort to fulfill the requirement of the law to please God. And that the law was not intrinsically related to God. It stands apart from God and places demands upon man. It’s demand in, “You must fulfill me or die.” Man in the flesh is not able to fulfill the demand of the law. No man, no person with their abilities…It is just flesh. And it can never, never, never fulfill the demand, the requirement of the law. But rather the law acts as a testimony of who are God is, as a custodian to restrict the sin nature within us, and as a conductor to make us realize that in ourselves we can never please God, and that we need to be brought to Christ. We need Christ. This is the proper use of the function of the law.

You have faith and faith is the principle by which people contact God in the New Testament. So the New Testament is a dispensation, a period, of faith. Everything in the New Testament is a matter of our faith. And faith is the principle by which we contact God. Do you see the contrast here? The law requires your effort to do something to please God. But the principle of faith doesn’t require your effort to do something to please God. The principle…is that you would contact God. Contact God. The law says, “Before you contact God, do something to please me.” But faith says, “Just contact God. That pleases God.”

With the principle of faith, man is not required to strive in his flesh to please God. There is no requirement to strive to do something to please God before you contact him. Instead, man is to hear how God desires to be everything to him, and that God has planned to bless us. And that blessing is Himself as Spirit so that in the Spirit He can be everything to us. So in this hearing of how God desires to be everything to us, how He wants to bless us with Himself, we also hear that for our sake He became incarnated, lived on the earth, died on the cross to accomplish redemption, resurrected and has become the life-giving Spirit, so that now God is just calling people…So now there is not the law, apart from God, demanding…He is even eagerly expecting people to receive Him. And eagerly expecting that He can now come in to man…to be their life and to be everything to them, so that they can be joined with Him, so that they can be one with Him. This is the hearing of faith. This is the principle of faith. And today, all we have to do is receive God. How do we receive God? As the Spirit.

So faith involves the hearing concerning all the good things of God towards us. Incarnation is a good thing of for God towards us. He didn’t demand us…Through this hearing and appreciation of the Lord Jesus, or for the Lord Jesus is awakened within us. And through our appreciation, spontaneously we call on His name. Open our being, call out. For what? To receive this one. We accept Him. And we join ourselves to Him. Then, I like this part, then we go on. We don’t stop there. We don’t just say, “Yes, when I was twelve years old I called on Him and received Him.” We go on to partake of Him day by day. And enjoy Him day by day. How do we go on to partake of Him and enjoy Him? It’s by the Spirit. All this is related to the hearing of faith. So hear I’d like to bring out two things. We need the hearing of faith. We need to hear concerning all the good things of God towards us. All those steps that He took, these are the good things of God towards us, including all that He has planned in the eternity past…As we hear these things, our appreciation for the Lord firstly is awakened. Our appreciation in the Lord Jesus or in Christ Jesus was awakened. But we need to go on under the hearing of faith, to continue to hear even again, and again, and again, concerning these good things of God towards us so that our appreciation would increase. Would be enlarged. Let me ask you, have you heard of the good things of God towards you? Yes! And have you sometimes murmured in your heart, as you are studying for a class, “We’ve already covered this before…This seems to be related to the Spirit class (not God’s economy class).” Why does he say these again and again? Because we are in the age of faith. We need to hear again and again and again all that God has done for us, all that God has accomplished for us. All that God intends to do in us. We need to be under this hearing of faith so our appreciation of these things is expanding. The more you appreciate, the more you have the spontaneously reaction to what? receive. To are that what you appreciate. Your appreciation, my appreciation, is not full yet. It’s still partial. We just see a little. What we saw caused a reaction in us…to receive that which we appreciate. But we need to go on in our Christian life to receive more and more and more of the Spirit. That means we need to be having more and more appreciation of all that God has done and is in the Spirit. You need to stay under the hearing of faith.

As you have this appreciation for Christ, something spontaneous happens within you. A spontaneous attraction. Something within you is produced through the hearing of faith. You just have a reaction. “I want this One.” Day by day, we need to have this continual, spontaneous reaction to receive, receive, receive more of the Spirit. As we go on in the Christian life…do not go on according to the principle of the law. Do not go on with the basis that you have to do something to please God. No. Go on under the hearing of faith. Hearing more and more all that God has done. Go on, reaction spontaneously, opening your being to receive more of the Spirit. This is what pleases God. You want to please God? Receive more of the Spirit. How? Stay under the hearing of faith.

Law requires man to work. But faith receives. Are you working? Or are you…just receiving?…With the law there are demands. With faith, there are no demands…We are receiving the Triune God! By receiving the Triune God, we also receive—redemption, salvation, forgiveness, eternal life. The heavenly things, the divine things, all the spiritual things, through our receiving of the Triune God. Isn’t that a good way to wake up every morning? Not, “no, another day of demands.” [But,] “Wow, our Triune God has been processed…for me to open to Him and receive more of Him.” I like that…How about stay in the principle of the New Testament relationship.

The total blessing is the Spirit. So here we need to pause for a minute and appreciate…Even it is significant that he wouldn’t be inspired to write, “the promise of the Holy Spirit.” But “the Spirit.” Here the Spirit has a particular meaning. The Lord was talking regarding the Spirit. But He said the Spirit was not yet (John 7:39). But we know that the Holy Spirit was, it is eternal, and it was involved with the incarnation of Christ (Matthew 1; Luke 1), and also the earthly ministry of Christ (Matt. 3:16). So the Holy Spirit was there. But the utterance is particular there. A simple way to understand this is that the Spirit, which can be received by man. The Spirit which can enter into the believers to be their life and to be everything that they need was not yet. Why? Because the Lord says He was not yet glorified. Which means He has not yet entered into resurrection. Which means that the steps that the Triune God was taking in Christ had not yet been completed. The steps have begun. But there was still the necessary steps of His death and resurrection, so that now in the Spirit He would be everything. Before the process began, there was the Spirit. The Spirit is eternal. But what was in the Spirit? Divinity. But there was no humanity yet until the first step of incarnation. Now, there, with the Spirit, there is not only divinity. There is now humanity. Then, for 33 1/2 years…there is a human living. God expressed through this humanity. The divine attributes expressed through the human virtues. Then…his redemption was accomplished. The dealings with all the negative things that man has got himself involved with. Sin, sins, world, flesh, the ordinances. All those things were dealt with. Then resurrection. Oh, wonderful. Resurrection. So in the Spirit there is…death with its effectiveness, resurrection with its power…Now it is the Spirit that can enter into man. Into the believers. It brings into us all that God has planned and accomplished for us…That’s why this utterance, “the Spirit” is used…So today, He (our Triune God) comes to us as the Spirit…Now He is in us to apply, apply, apply, apply all that He is and all that He has accomplished. So what should we do? Just receive. Receive more and more and more of this Spirit. Just open your whole being. Allow this Spirit to soak you, saturate you, fill your whole being. While this is going on, the Spirit knows what to apply to you. What to apply to you of Christ’s uplifted humanity…Go back to the matter of incarnation. God emptied Himself. God lowered Himself and went into a womb for 9 months. Have you ever had this thought that you get put into a limiting situation and you say, “I just can’t take it. I gotta get out…I gotta break free of my…I’m so restricted, I can’t take it anymore!” And them, under the hearing of faith, you hear of God say, “15 weeks? Try 40 weeks as the infinite God. I was there for you.” And then 33 1/2 years. The Full-Time Training is only 2 years. “You can’t stay restricted that long. But I can. And I did. Now I am in you. Just receive.” And I will be the one in you that can be limited, that can be restricted. That can be lowly. All these things are in the Spirit. And the Spirit is in us. We need this hearing of faith. Just to say “I can’t” shows the shortage in the hearing of faith. We need to realize that by just receiving this one as the Spirit, everything we need—is in the Spirit.

“Cursed is everyone hanging on the tree.” “In order that the blessing of Abraham might come to the Gentiles in Christ Jesus that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.” Through no work. Through no effort. Just receive the Spirit. When you received the promise, you received the blessing, the Spirit…

Genesis 12…This is what Paul has in view…It combines the Spirit with the blessing of Abraham. Paul links the blessing of Abraham and the promise of the Spirit. The blessing of Abraham is the blessing promised by God for all the nations to be blessed. “In you,” Genesis 12, “all the nations will be blessed.” There God is turning from Adam, the created race, to Abraham, the called race, but there He makes the promise of the blessing to all the nations through this one. But in Genesis 12:18, He says, “In your seed all the nations will be blessed.” So the promise was fulfilled and the blessing came to the nations in Christ. This is what Paul saw. That the promise was fulfilled, the blessing came in Christ Jesus. And particularly, in x’s redemption on the cross. How could this promise, this blessing, come to all the nation? Because of Christ’s redemption on the cross. And the contents of verse 14 indicates that the Spirit is the blessing which God has promised. And this Spirit, the Spirit, is the compound Spirit. It is actually God Himself who went through the process…This blessing and promise was related to the seed and the land. And Paul realized that Christ is the fulfillment of the land and the seed. So you have the physical aspect of the blessing, which is the land, the good land. And we know that the good land is a type of the all-inclusive Christ. And today Christ is realized by us as what? The all-inclusive, life-giving Spirit. 1 Cor. 15:45, 2 Cor. 3:17. Today, He is the Spirit. And He is all-inclusive. That means in this Spirit included is everything that we need. The key statement: the Spirit as the realization of Christ in our experience is the good land and is the source of God’s bountiful supply for us to enjoy. We know from Paul in Galatians 3:15 that this seed, this unique seed, is Christ. So Christ is the focus of the promise. But what do we receive? The Spirit. So Paul had no problem speaking of Christ and speaking of the Spirit…If this promise is given to the seed and you are not the seed, how do you get included to receive the promise? Well, we go to the same chapter, Gal. 3:17, 29. On the one hand this unique seed is in us. On the other hand we are in this seed. Day by day, just join yourself with Christ. How are you going to do that? He is the Spirit. Join yourself to the Spirit…

Galatians 3, Paul was clear…Our experience is receiving the Spirit. This is the focal point. This is what we should be focusing on day by day. Did you focus on this when you woke up this morning?…

A testimony for the proper experience of the inner life. It was brought out that the Spirit within us, this all-inclusive, life-giving Spirit within us, inspires us to preach the gospel, to speak forth the gospel, to tell people about God and about what God has done. And as people listen about our well-speaking that God has done for us, spontaneously an appreciation for the Lord Jesus is [awaken] in them. Just go out and tell people of the good things that God has done for them. This will cause a spontaneous appreciation within them for the Lord…The experience and expression may differ but we all are the same in having received the Spirit. No matter how we were brought to the Lord. We have all received the Spirit as the blessing of the gospel through the hearing of faith. Yes, our experience of how we heard the gospel, even the expression of what happened when we received the Spirit within us maybe different. But the focus, focal point is this…no matter what the experience, the expression of that experience was, we all received the same Spirit as the blessing of the gospel! And we all received it through the same means—the hearing of faith. So stop. Stop pitying yourself. If you grew up in a Christian home and at a young age…you heard the things of God…you received the Lord, the Spirit, don’t sit there thinking that your experience is lower than someone who didn’t grow up in a Christian home…then one day through the hearing of faith received the Spirit and had a dynamic change in their living. You as a little good Christian boy or girl, received the same Spirit into you as…dead in sin, defiled, worldly…whatever…You received the same promise, blessing, the same Spirit. There is no difference. But I know some of you feel, hopefully, not regretful, “I wish I could have had that testimony.” That is the flesh wanting more glory. “I have the same Spirit!” You didn’t get a lower dosage of the Spirit. That’s a lie! We need to come under the hearing of faith! We all have the same Spirit! The only difference now is our going on. Are we receiving more of this Spirit, letting this Spirit do a more and more of work in us?

So, I am going to end with how this message ended: The development of the organic union…All of us. Do you believe it? All you so-called church kids, do you believe it? How about all you rebels out there? We are all rebels. We should all say, “Yes!” It is the same organic union, it is the same Spirit. No different. But now, what’s different is our developing of the organic union. The more we open, the more we receive this Spirit, the more we are brought into an organic union with the Lord. And the more of this organic union develops within us, the more we enjoy the total blessing of the gospel! Yeah, we have some appreciation, some experience, some enjoyment of the total blessing of the gospel but it is not in full yet because we haven’t opened more parts of our inner being…[When we do,] all that He intends…gets into us…We need to go on. Go on under the hearing of faith. Go on to hear again and again, appreciate more and more, “Everything I need is in the Spirit.” Allow the Spirit to soak, saturate, fill new parts of our being…We need to hear again and again all that is in the Spirit…to open more and more of our being to this Spirit…the blessing of the gospel.

Sharing

We are under the hearing of our own speaking. “I can’t…” Finish the sentence. “I can’t but the Spirit can.”

It’s better not to say that the blessing is not the Holy Spirit. It is not just the Holy Spirit, but the Triune God who has been processed and consummated…If we are not careful, under a certain kind of religious teaching, the Spirit refers to the third of the Divine Trinity…but it is the entire Triune God…
11/16/2019
Prophecy:
After speaking concerning Christ crucified and our faith in Him in the first two chapters, in Galatians 3:2, Paul asks the Galatians, “Did you receive the Spirit out of the works of law or out of the hearing of faith?” This indicates that our believing into Christ is our receiving of the Spirit. This is because according to 1 Corinthians 15:45b and 2 Corinthians 3:17 Christ and the Spirit are one. However, we need to be clear of the distinction. Christ refers to the Son of God is His being commissioned to accomplish God’s economy while the Spirit refers to the Son of God in our experience in His indwelling us. In our subjective experience, Christ is the Spirit. And in our objective understanding, the Spirit is Christ. If we have the vision concerning Christ and the Spirit being one yet distinct, we will be brought into the proper experience of God’s economy.

11/21/2019
CBirchler
473
1113
What’s the big deal? This Life-study was given before you were born (1984). You have to understand why certain messages are given. Regarding the situation in Christianity over the centuries, we know that a lot of traditions of men crept in. Also there were traditional understandings of the Triune God that became accepted among Christians. And there is definitely among many Christians not the realization that Christ is the Spirit. That, in their understanding, the Three in the Godhead are separate. The Father, the Son, and the Spirit, they are one, but separate in their understanding. Maybe at best they will say that the Spirit is in us as Christ’s representative. But if we read the Bible, and my point here is not what Witness Lee said but what the Bible says. So we need to pick up what the Bible says. But someone asks you how did you know that? Don’t take the credit. But the point is, “the Bible says.”…Gal. 3. I would like to read three verses to you. In verse 14, Paul says, “In order that the blessing of Abraham might come to the Gentiles.” Here you have the blessing. The blessing of Abraham. Remember, God told Abraham, “in you shall all the nations be blessed.” When did this blessing come? It tells us. It came in a person—Christ Jesus. The fulfillment of that blessing is in Christ Jesus. When you received Christ Jesus, you are receiving the blessing of Abraham. Then it goes on. It doesn’t stop there. “That.” “That we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.” So the blessing of Abraham came in a person, the name of that person, the title of that person is Christ! In Christ. In Christ Jesus. But then we received the promise. What is the promise? The blessing. We received the promise of the blessing. The blessing is Christ. But the promise we received is the Spirit. What did you receive? blessing or promise? Both. But who did you believe? Christ. Who did you receive? The Spirit. Here is the revelation. Christ and the Spirit are one. We need to pair verses 1 and 2 together. “O, foolish Galatians, who has bewitched you, before whose eyes Christ was openly portrayed crucified?” The gospel portray this one crucified. When Christ was on the cross, He was there on the cross as One that fulfilled the righteous demand of the law. And He was dying there to take our place, to satisfy the Lord’s demand on us that we would die…Satisfying that demand and releasing us. Releasing us out of the demand of the law. And what follows death is resurrection. There on the cross, His dying was not just that we would be released out from under the curse of the law. But He died there to release the divine life so that in resurrection we would receive this life. So this is the gospel, preaching this person, this Christ. Yet, when we hear of this person and we believe, we believe in what He has doesn’t, we receive the Spirit…You believed in Christ. Yet you received the Spirit. Are Christ and the Spirit separate? No, this one you believed in, He came into you as the Spirit. Then in verse 5, we not only received this one at the time we are saved. But we continue to receive his one as the Spirit to receive a bountiful supply of t supply. This is the Christian life. The Christian life begins by believing in Christ and receiving the Spirit, that equals into whom we believe is the Spirit we received, and we continually receive this One as the Spirit to bountiful supply us for the Christian life.

You have to decide by what are you going to live your Christian life? Are you going to be someone that is going to depend on the demand of the law in the effort of your flesh. Or are you someone who is going to trust in the operation of the Spirit? This is of vital importance. The hearing of faith. I feel that such Life-study message is not just to rescue us out of these traditional thoughts regarding Trinity. But also it is to provide the hearing of faith. We need the ongoing hearing of faith. We needed the hearing of faith in verse 2 to receive the Spirit at the time we believed in Christ. And in verse 5, we need still the hearing of faith that throughout our Christian life we would receive the bountiful supply of the Spirit. This is a matter of hearing of faith. What kind of Training experience are you experiencing? Are you trying to meet the demand by the effort of your flesh? Are you trying to fulfill the law of the training by your abilities and your capabilities? Or are you trusting in the operation of the Spirit?…It rather causes us to burst in the operation of the Spirit. The hearing of faith causes us to trust in the redemptive work of Christ on the cross and to trust in the Spirit’s operation within us to meet and fulfill any demand of God. That is the Christian life. It is the life under the hearing of faith. I think we need to keep hearing more and more about this Spirit. This Spirit that is dwelling in us, operating in us, lest we become like Galatian believers and go back to depending on our flesh, of what we are capable of doing. May the Lord keep us under the hearing of faith. May we not depend on our flesh but trust in the operation of the Spirit.

The Spirit being the blessing of the promise by faith in Christ:
We have faith in Christ. But we received the Spirit. The Spirit as the blessing of the promise. Do you realize that the Spirit you have received is the blessing of the promise. Do you realize, this Spirit, the Spirit, is the all-inclusive Spirit. It is a compound Spirit. Everything, everything that God has done for us is in the Spirit. everything that God will do and work out in us in in the Spirit. What a Spirit. The Spirit. A compound, all-inclusive Spirit. Actually, this Spirit is the Triune God who has been processed and consummated…so that He can work out His eternal economy. Trust in the operation of this Spirit.

Christ and the Spirit being one:
And the two references there, 1 Cor. 15:45b. So today, when Christ comes to you, how does He comes to you? He comes to you as the life-giving Spirit. Is this your realization? 2 Cor. 3:17. Some like to argue here that (Lord) is not Christ. But if you keep reading, and remember when Paul wrote, there was no chapters. “We do not preach ourselves but Christ Jesus as Lord.” So Paul, when he preached, he preached Christ Jesus as Lord. “Now the Lord,” who is that? Christ Jesus. “Is the Spirit.” So Paul became very clear that this Christ in whom He believed is the Spirit. Romans 8:2 speaks of the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus. The law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus. What a particular utterance. “Father was in the Son, the Son was in the Father.” “If you see Me, you’ve seen the Father.” He didn’t say, “I am here as the representative of the Father.” No, He didn’t say that. The Father is in the Son. So, in Romans 8:2, the Spirit is in Christ Jesus. Verses 9-10. Sometimes we think this is so basic and simple until we go and speak it. Then we realize it is not as basic or simple as we thought it was. Who is dwelling in us? The Spirit of God. That equals God dwelling in you. Yet, if anyone does not have the Spirit of Christ, He is not of Him. The Spirit of God. The Spirit of Christ. But if Christ is in you, thought the body is dead because of sin, the spirit is life because of righteousness. Okay, who is in you in verse 9? The Spirit of God dwells in you. Then, if anyone does not have the Spirit of Christ—is this another Spirit? A different Spirit? Did you have to receive two Spirits? Where do you have the Spirit of Christ? Should be in you, in your spirit. Isn’t the Spirit of God there? So do you have three separate entities in you (the Spirit of God, the Spirit of Christ, Christ). No, no such thing. We received Christ. We received the Spirit. This Spirit of Christ is the Spirit of God. And the Spirit of God is God Himself. Who is in you now? Very good. The Triune God is in you. How did He get into you? As the Spirit! But who did you believe in? Christ!

Christ crucified on the cross:
We need to be careful in our speaking. We are saying the truth is we be Lord in Christ and we receive the Spirit. Christ as the Spirit are one. Can you say that the Spirit was crucified? No, you should not say that. In God’s economy it was Christ who was crucified. Was the Spirit there? Yeah, the Spirit was there. But the emphasis was it was Christ who curd. But remember, through the eternal Spirit He offered Himself. But we don’t say, “The Spirit died for me.” And we believed in this Christ. But through our believing, we received the Spirit. 

Christ entering as the Spirit into the believers:
The one who was crucified on the cross was Christ. And the one who entered was the Spirit. So today, Christ, He is the Spirit. He is the all-inclusive life-giving Spirit. And this Spirit, this all-inclusive life-giving Spirit, who is Christ, is the all-inclusive and ultimate blessing of the gospel. And how did you receive the Spirit? This ultimate blessing of the gospel? Did you receive out of works or out of the hearing of faith?

I would like to take a moment and share a little bit with you regarding our experience…We are using the book of Galatians to see the matter of God’s economy. In the first two chapters the Spirit is not mentioned. But Christ is mentioned. But regarding the revelation of God’s economy, the object truth of God’s economy, the emphasis is Christ. God is embodied in Christ and His economy is fulfilled in Christ. [God] wanted to rescue people to Christ. That is why Paul says it pleased God to reveal His Son in me. This is Christ. The emphasis here is that Paul needed to receive the revelation of Christ. Christ is everything in God’s economy. God’s economy is centered in Christ. God’s economy is worked out in Christ. Then in chapter 2, he deals with these Judaizers who came down from James to Galatia and cursed trouble. There he wanted us to see that it is no longer him but Christ who lived in him. This was Paul…receiving the revelation of God’s economy that it is Christ. It is Christ revealed in us and living in us. His emphasis is on the subjective experience. Not just the revelation. The revelation of Christ in us and the revelation of Christ living in us. But now, He is helping the believers with the subject experience of God’s economy, or the experience of life. And here, the emphasis is now on the Spirit. So I feel we need some time with the Lord regarding this. Where are we? Are we still just in the objective revelation? Of God’s economy. Or are we entering more and more into the subjective experience of God’s economy, which is the experience of life, Christ as life, where the emphasis has to be on the Spirit. Not just on our revelation of Christ and of all that Christ is an all that Christ has done. Now it must be subjective to us. How does Christ become subjective to us? It is only as the Spirit. And how do we receive the Spirit? Hearing of faith. How do we continue to live by the bountiful supply of the Spirit? It is also through the hearing of faith. It is possible that you have revelation of Christ and then by your flesh you try to live out that revelation. In a sense, you made that revelation your law. And you depend on your flesh, your ability, your capability, your strength, to be Christ. Maybe something has happened with your gp, housemate…You say, “Christ would do this.” And then by your flesh you try to do what you think Christ would do, rather than realizing this Christ is the Spirit within me. “I need to trust in this Spirit, in this operation of the Spirit, to reproduce the Christ that I’ve seen in me. I am not going to try to be like that. I am going to contact the Spirit. I am going to join myself with the Spirit because when I join myself with the Spirit, because I am joining myself with Christ.” The Spirit is in my spirit. Because the Spirit is in my spirit, Christ is in my spirit. And when I turn to this mingled spirit, join myself with the Spirit, I am joining myself with Christ. And remember, this Christ is the all-inclusive Christ. And this Spirit is the all-inclusive and ultimate blessing of the gospel. The gospel! The good news. The good news is, you don't have to do it. Christ as the Spirit will do it, will be it, if by faith you join yourself to him. So, are you exercising? Are you practicing? In this training, under all the demands, under all the requirements…Are you joining yourself to the all-inclusive one to participate, receive, all of the all-inclusive blessing of the gospel? And all of the ultimate blessing of the gospel? Ultimate! What is the ultimate blessing of the gospel? Not just that your sins are forgiven and you have eternal life…It is this Christ, who is now your life and your living. So I know we read Galatians 3 and we are reading it like over brother Paul’s shoulder as he is writing. “Yep, really foolish Galatians.” Yet, here we are, we ourselves are not that different…We don’t continue by the Spirit. We go back to depend on your flesh.

The saved ones…
There in His redemptive work His title is Christ. Then in resurrection, His function now is to impart life, to be our life, our living. The title is “the Spirit.” The saved ones believed in the crucified and resurrected Christ. Do you believe in the crucified and resurrected Christ? Do you put all your trust? Or are you still putting a little bit on your flesh? You put your trust that there on the cross His death took care of all your problems, all your sins, and that through that you are justified. Or do you think, after your sin, “Oh, I need to make it up to God.” Not putting my trust on what Christ has done on the cross. But thinking, “For few days, I have to make it up to the Lord.” You don’t need to wait three days to enjoy the Lord again. You don’t need to wait three minutes. You can repent, trust on what the Lord did on the cross, and right now be reconnected, rejoined…in experience. And why not trust that this one as the Spirit is in us? He is all-inclusive and He is the ultimate blessing. Everything we need is in this one. All-inclusive. There is not one gp on this earth that this Christ cannot be joined with. Did you know that? It is not one house in the training this Christ can live and not be one with everyone in the house. He is really all-inclusive. Everyone is included. Every situation, every circumstance. There is not one caviar exception…oh, you have to work that out yourself. No.

How is your experience of this Spirit, this all-inclusive and ultimate blessing of the gospel There is lots of awesome things here…but we don’t know what is here (i.e. luxurious car). How? Calling on this One. You call on the Lord and you receive the Spirit. The more you call on this One, the more you will receive. I mean, calling deep within, “Lord, Lord, Lord Jesus.” As I am going to face something, I am not in my flesh, not in my clever mind. Inwardly. Your flesh may say, you need to really have a plan. My plan is, “I am trusting the all-inclusive Spirit as the ultimate blessing of the gospel to me. That this Spirit brought Christ into me. And it is Christ as the Spirit that can meet demand of any situation.” And then, “Lord Jesus, Lord Jesus.” Some, I’ve observed, they don’t practice this. And they are in their flesh and there is the reaction in the flesh. They even cry out to the Lord, to me in the flesh…Inwardly exercising…

We need more hearing of faith. We need more hearing of faith. So when you read messages in the ministry and seems like a repeat of something, don’t have a reaction like, Why did again? We need this agin. We need to be under a lifelong hearing of faith. Hearing regarding the Spirit as the all-inclusive, ultimate blessing of the gospel so that we would not go back to the flesh, to try to meet any demands by our own strength and ability and capability. But we would just receive, the bountiful supply that is in the Spirit. The gospel causes us to receive Christ. We receive Christ as the Spirit. And this Christ as the Spirit has come into us and entered into an organic union with us. Isn’t that awesome? You didn’t just get redeemed. You got Christ in you. Not just in you as an object. He is in you, joined with you. He is in you as life…to be your life, your living, if you just continue to join yourself to this one. Yet, thought we know…we get distracted…to regulations, to doctrines, or even to studying the Bible in just dead letters…Picking up more and more doctrines about this and that…Neglecting this Christ, who is the Spirit in their spirit. Neglecting this wonderful organic union. Not living day by day in the enjoyment of this organic union, of this Spirit, that is the blessing, the blessing that was promised to Abraham. What a sorrowful thing. Such a wonderful blessing made to Abraham. And then 2000 years later, in Christ this blessing came and was made available to us. But how many today neglect this wonderful blessing that has been given to us in the Spirit? So the Judaizers were ignorant about this blessing. Having such a Spirit within us, organic union with the Lord as the Spirit within us, but we are distracted from it…which is the all-inclusive, ultimate blessing of the gospel.
11/12/2019
Reading:
Christ Crucified—Galatians 3:1:
	I.	To give Himself for our sins that He might rescue us out of the present evil age—1:4.
	II.	To give Himself for us that He might impart life to us and live in us in resurrection to free us from the bondage under law—2:20.
	III.	To redeem us out of the curse of the law—3:13.
	IV.	To fulfill the requirement of the law that we may have righteousness in Him—2:20.
	V.	To make us dead to law that we might live to God—2:19.
	VI.	To have us crucified with Him that we may be able to crucify our flesh—5:24.
	VII.	To have the world crucified to us and us crucified to the world—6:14.

Prophecy 1:
In his epistle to the Galatians, Paul presents the centrality of the cross of Christ in the operation of God in His economy by showing us at least seven important points concerning the cross. Galatians 2:20 shows us that through the cross Christ gave Himself for us that He might impart life to us and live in us in resurrection to free us from the bondage under law.
	-	Dealt with the old “I”, the “I” without God with our sins and fallen nature, opening the way on our side for Christ to impart Himself into us and thereby to live in us.
	-	By being crucified, Christ was able to enter into resurrection, thus became able to be imparted into man.
Now, based upon the work accomplished in His crucifixion, He lives in us in resurrection.

Prophecy 2:
The sixth point concerning the centrality of the cross of Christ in Galatians is that through the crucifixion of Christ we have been crucified with Christ that we may be able to crucify our flesh. Romans 6:6 says, “Knowing this, that our old man has been crucified with Him.” This “old man” is the “I” that Paul refers to in Galatians 2:20. Since it is impossible for one to crucify oneself, Christ on the cross has done it for us. Our old man has man and for all been crucified with Him! Based upon this accomplishment as the foundation, we are now able in the resurrection life of Christ to practically crucify our flesh in our daily living. Hence, in chapter 5 verse 24 Paul says, “they who are of Christ Jesus have crucified the flesh with its passions and its lusts.” In this way, we are able to live and walk by the Spirit, thus being kept in God’s economy.

11/14/2019
JLee
481
482
483

Sharing:
	-	Seeing a clear vision of Christ crucified will keep us from going back to the law.

Well, I believe that it was saint Augustine who got saved by seeing the portrait of the crucified Jesus, a physical portrait. By seeing that He was so touched that he got saved. But here in Galatians, Paul says, “Foolish Galatians, who has bewitched you, before whose eyes Jesus Christ was opened portrayed crucified.”…We need to be saved by seeing this open portrait as a vision of this one, crucified. Paul used quite a strong word here. He said, “Who has bewitched you.” Not just distract, deceived…Bewitched means to cause someone to be spelled, to cause to stumble…even out of, beyond, his control. So they lost their mind. They were still going after the law, trying to be perfected by the law. Paul says, Jesus Christ crucified has been openly portrayed. This is what should be presented, laid before you. But you have been bewitched…causing you to think otherwise. Causing your mind to be not sober. You are thinking that you can be perfected in the flesh…You are missing the point. The focus of your whole life is trying to be good, trying to meet the demand of the law. You have been bewitched. You have a spell cast on you. You have lost the soberness…When you see this portrait, you can be delivered from that spell, from that illusion, from that misconception. So I would say, it is not too late to pray, “Lord, have this living portrait revealed to me day after day.”…I want this curd Christ livingly, openly, portrayed before me.

In God’s economy there is only one person and only one way: the all-inclusive Christ and the way of the cross. In order for us to gain this Christ, this one person to be everything, to be all, right, God’s desire is to have this Christ filling all things, to fill the whole universe. He should not only have the preeminence. But He should be all. This is God’s intention…to have Christ the Son be all and in all. In order to do that, God has ordained the unique way—the way of the cross, where everything else other than Christ will be eliminated, terminated, removed. Only then Christ can truly be all and in all. So God’s economy focuses on this person and He has this one way. The way is the way of the cross, which is the center of God’s operation. Praise the Lord for the cross…I saw much more this morning, through getting this message myself and through your prophesying. Wow, what a way God has ordained! The cross is God’s unique way, one ordained way. You have the God-ordained way class. This is how to become fruitful…I tell you, in the Bible, there is a God-ordained way from the beginning from the foundation of the world—the way of the cross. God ordained this way for all of us. Since the day man fell, God already judged, already ordained that you must die. God did not have that intention when He first created man. But after man committed sin…the outcome was that he must die. So this death is not just some kind of punishment. But this death is God’s solution. It is only by death all the problems will be resolved. This problem of Satan, of the evil age, of our sin, of the curse, of judgment, all these problems and also the world, now can all be taken care of once for all by this one stroke, the cross. What a master stroke…It is not just a matter of knowing. We can read about it, hear about it. But this has to become a living portrait. This has to be a living vision…In our entire Christian life, to live a life according to God’s economy, we need to focus on Christ. Christ must be our center. Christ must be our life. Christ must be our everything. But also we must take God’s ordained way, the way of the cross. That way will be constantly laid before us, presented before us…to eliminate everything other than Christ that we can truly live a life according to God’s economy. So the cross takes care of Satan and this present evil age. When Paul went to the church in Corinth, he told the believers there, “I have determined…to not to know anything but Jesus Christ and Him crucified.” He realized He is coming to the church with many problems. How is he going to help this church to solve all those problems? So he came, telling them, that he determined not to know anything but this person and Him crucified. The only way to solve all the problems, not by reasoning with them, some political agreement, arrangement, is to bring them to the cross, to see this one crucified. He realized that crucifixion in human eye is a sign of weakness…You can’t do anything. In the eyes of intellectual Greek…what is this? You got killed. Well, Paul says, to you it is a weakness, but to God, it is a power. It is the power of God. Indeed, this cross, this crucified Christ is the power of God. It took care of all those negative things. One stroke, it took care of all the negative things.

And it is also at the same time that we are brought into the genuine righteousness. And it is through the cross that we have this Christ living within us in resurrection. Without the cross how can we experience this? Not only on the negative side, all those negative things are terminated. But on the positive side, today, we have the life-giving Spirit living within us because He is no longer raw Christ but the processed Christ through death and resurrection. Now in resurrection as the Spirit He lives in us and He is our righteousness and to us, that we can live Him in this world, God did not take us out of this world…while we are living in this world, we can live in another realm. We live to Him. we live Him. This is accomplished by the work of the cross. I hope…I don’t know how much you’ve seen. If you’ve seen…my, you will not be able to hold yourself. Nothing for you to do. God has done everything. Now, what we have to do is to see what He has done. To see this one person. To see this one way. Don’t take the way of your cleverness, your smartness…wiggle through. Don’t take those ways. Take the way of the cross…He is the true righteousness.

By keeping the law, by doing good, you have no idea, no realization, Satan is still active. Foolish Galatians, you think that as long as you do well everything is alright. It is like ostrich, putting head in the sand. Satan is still there. The present evil age is still there. Yo are bewitched. You are totally under a spell, thinking that, “As long as I behave, do everything perfectly, I am okay. God is pleased with me.” No…There is an evil age around us. There is the devil working around us, injecting sin all the time, causing us to sin. And the present evil age, all the time trying to take us away, carry us away, enslave us. So you thought that just by behaving, doing good, everything will be alright. No, you need the curd Christ to take care of the evil one, the devil, and condemn this evil age.

And also through this crucified Christ He can become the Spirit to live in us…so that we can live a life unto God not according to our standard, our requirements, expectations, but according to God. Now He can practically live in us to be our life and everything. Also, by keeping the law, foolish Galatians, you have been put under the curse. Without the law, sin is not recognized as sin. It is because of the law sin is now exposed as sin. So it is through the law that you have been put under a curse. Why would you still go after the law? Why do you still go to be justified by keeping the law? It is the law who put you under the curse. That was not God’s intention to put us under the curse. It was the law that has formalized the curse upon the fallen men. But praise the Lord, this crucified Christ, He came to take away the curse. He Himself, this crucified Christ, He became the curse for us. You and I deserved to die…But now there is another one. A just one, who came to die in our stead. He bore the curse. He took away the curse by becoming the curse. Oh, what a relief. What a release! Now we are no longer under a curse. Don’t go back to the law that put us under a curse. The more you try to the be perfected, the more you put yourself under the curse…Christ has released us!

Crucified Christ has released us from the law and has imparted righteousness into us. On the positive side He, Christ, is the true righteousness. By His dying on the cross He fulfilled all of God’s requirements. Right? He did not die as a criminal. There were two others hanging with Him in Golgotha there. But those two were robbers, criminals. They died for their own causes. But here is a righteous man. He died…and fulfilled all of God’s righteous requirements. That death was recognized by God. And that death has imputed upon us the righteousness. His righteousness…He knew no sin became sin on our behalf that we may become the righteousness of God in Him…

…The old man is finished. But the old man, when he is lived out, the uttermost living out of the old man is the flesh. And that old man, when he experiences the opinion, that is the self. The self, when Christ was crucified, He did not crucify the self or the flesh. That requires us to do that. When that old man is lived out as the flesh, as the self, we need to recognize what Christ did on the cross. We need to apply that fact to our flesh, our self, so that we can crucify the flesh and deny the self. Without the accomplished fact, we have no basis, we have no reference. Praise the Lord for Christ crucifying our old man. None of us can do that. Crucifixion is not a suicide. No one can crucify himself. You need someone else…Now, we have a basis to have a reference, to come back to, to apply what Christ did to our flesh and to our self. Right? This is being carried out by exercising our spirit. This accomplished fact of the death of Christ is a reality, an element in the Spirit of Jesus Christ. So whenever we see the flesh rising up, when we see our self being expressed, we say, “Lord Jesus.” Return to the spirit. By the Spirit we apply the death of Christ with our old man to our flesh and self…If we want to follow Him, we need to deny the self. If we want to walk in the Spirit, we need to crucify our flesh with all the lust…Now we can actually apply this by exercising the spirit to enjoy what this crucified Christ as done to be applied to us.

And this crucified Christ, because of His crucifixion, we are crucified to the world and the world is crucified to us. Today, God did not take us out of the world. We still live on this earth, in this realm. But we can say, because of the crucified Christ, the world is crucified to me and I to the world. It is just like a fish. You know, swimming in the ocean, the effect of the world, the salt water, has no effect on it, the fish. Today, we as ones joined to Him…although we are living in the world, we are crucified to the world and the world is crucified to us. I hope the Lord will unveil this, even screen after screen, view after view to us. We need to have this living portrait to be laid before us again and again. Yes, initially we are hearing this, learning of this, as a kind of teaching. This may be somewhat objective to you. But you have to pray, “Lord, make this a living portrait, the crucified Christ.” When you see this, what a deliverance…and ushered into all the positive things. He is the one who lives in us, for us, who can live unto God according to His economy.
11/7/2019
CBirchler
497
312
What does it mean to nullify the grace of God? Verse 20, Paul says, “I am crucified...it is Christ who lives in me...” 21. “I do not nullify the grace of God.” It is the continuation of verse 20. What is the grace of God? Christ. Christ who lives in us. Christ who is our faith. Christ who is the Son of God who loved us and gave Himself up for us and who now lives in us. And this matches...verse 21. If righteousness is through the law, then Christ has died for nothing. Grace is this one crucified to satisfy God’s righteousness, resurrected to be our life and our living. To go back to the law is to nullify, to deny, to reject, all that Christ has done for us and is wanting to do in us. The context there—do deny or nullify the grace of God, is that in our experience we are not enjoying Christ. This is Paul, Paul practicing, exercising, in his daily experience, to allow Christ to live in him. Christ is in us. But do you allow Christ to live? To live in you? Yes, He is in you. But in your experience, do you allow Him to live in you to be your life, or to be your living. Or are you still doing things according to your natural life, natural strength, natural capabilities. Today, who do I allow to live? Christ is simply the living Christ Himself. To allow Christ to live in us is to enjoy the grace of God. But to not allow Christ to live in us is to nullify the grace of God. What is grace then? What is grace in the New Testament? John 1. There are a number of Christians who understand grace to mean unmerited favor. But we need to go through the New Testament, consider the use of grace there and decide if that is an adequate definition...I believe, by the time we finish this class, you would agree that is too short. Yes, but it is much more.

John 1:1, 14. The Word, which is God, became flesh and tabernacled among us. Full of grace and reality. The Word became flesh. God became flesh. God was incarnated. And this incarnated God is full of grace and reality. That is the beginning of grace in the New Testament. Grace came with a person. Grace came with Jesus Christ. In Him, the incarnated God, who stepped out of eternity into time, put on humanity, in that one is grace. So grace begins with incarnation. God coming to be a man. Do you realize, this is grace. When God came, that was grace coming. So in this one, there is grace, there is reality. Then, in verse 17, “for the law was given through Moses; grace and reality came through Jesus Christ.” So here, also, making clear to us, when this person came, who is this person? God became flesh, God incarnated to be a man, that was grace coming to man. Then in verse 16...before this person came, there was no mention of the grace of God. But when this person came, Jesus Christ, God incarnated to be a man. In the Old Testament, with Abraham, you have the promise given to give this grace. And then they were under the law for 1500 years. But once Jesus Christ came, grace came. That was the beginning of the transfer to be out of the law and to be in grace. Are you a Christian under law or a Christian in grace? I hope, in our daily experience, a Christian standing in grace. We get a lot of help with definition of grace. John 1:1. When God came, through incarnation, that was the coming of grace. What is grace? Grace is God. God in His Trinity being processed, that means going through some steps. To be grace to us, God went through a number of steps for us. Incarnation. Human living. That is grace. You have the divine attributes of God being expressed through the human virtues. You finally have a man with God’s image, expression there, in a full way. Also the dominion there, in His human living, bringing in the kingdom of God. God being lived out, God being expressed, and God’s authority being represented on the earth. So His incarnation, human living. Then the next step was crucifixion. That is grace where He through His human living...[fulfilling God’s intention for man], this one, was righteous. This one had no need to die. But He stepped up onto the cross to die as our substitute, to die in our place...Then, the next step. After His crucifixion He entered into resurrection. In resurrection, the last Adam became a life-giving Spirit. And in the day of resurrection, in the evening, He came to His disciples and breathed the Holy Spirit into them, Himself into them, that is grace. Then He ascended into the heavens, made Lord and Christ. Then the Spirit was poured out upon those who He has breathed Himself into them to be their power and authority. That is also grace. Grace is God in His Trinity, processed, going through the steps of incarnation, human living, crucifixion, resurrection, and ascension, to be everything to us. Everything to us. He is in us to be our life, to be our person, to be our reality, to be our holiness, to be our righteousness, to be our glory, and He is upon us to be our power and our authority. He is everything. Everything! He is our redemption. He is our salvation! He is our life. He is our sanctification. He will be our glorification. He is everything. Yes. Ev-ery thing. There is not one thing He is not to us. So having been processed for us, gone through those steps for us, so that today He is the Spirit, the life-giving Spirit, even the all-inclusive, life-giving Spirit, the Triune God Himself, has come to us as our grace. Where is the Triune God today? Where is He in your experience? I know, according to the truth, He is in your spirit. But where is He according to your experience? If He is, in your experience, everything to us, then you have grace.

John 1:17, it is significant that this verse begins with, “the law was given through Moses.” When He came, He first came to His own. God giving law through Moses, that was a great thing. This is to show that the coming of the incarnated God was much greater than God giving the law through Moses...Many take the Old Testament meaning...

Grace is the Son of God going through the process to live in us.

Grace exercise:
	-	Romans 1:7; 16:20
	-	1 Corinthians 1:3; 16:23
	-	2 Corinthians 1:2; 13:14
	-	Galatians 1:3; 6:18
	-	Ephesians 1:2; 6:24
	-	Philippians 1:2; 4:23
	-	Colossians 1:2; 4:18
	-	1 Thessalonians 1:1; 5:28
	-	2 Thessalonians 1:2; 3:18
	-	1 Timothy 1:2; 6:21
	-	2 Timothy 1:2; 4:22
	-	Titus 1:4; 3:15
	-	Philemon 3, 25

May this grace, may this Triune God, who has been processed, who is today the Spirit, may He be with you, in you, to be everything in you. Paul was clear. This is what the believers needed. They didn’t need more blessing...they needed more person, this Triune God...

What does grace do for us? The Triune God became incarnated to live on the earth to fulfill the righteous requirements of God...and died for our sins and as our substitute. This is the first item of what God’s grace accomplished for us.

Christ enables us to have a kind of living that satisfies God. He reproduces His living in us. That life satisfies God. That is grace. He doesn’t say just read the gospels and see what I did and try to do what I did. He says, I am here, to live that life in you again.

Then, not only that, this Christ lives within us and as He is in us, He is dispensing, ministering all His riches, all that He is, He is adding Himself, His element, more and more into our being. He is increasing within us. As He ministers more of Himself into us, He is sanctifying us, transforming us, and He is making us sons of God in reality and practicality. He is bringing us into the full sonship. Our you sanctifying yourself, transforming yourself...? Not at all.

In eternity and for eternity, we will enjoy Christ as the living water and the tree of life. This is what is meant. This Christ is the portion of the saints in the light.

So what do we have to do? Enjoy grace. This person cannot be enjoyed in full in one day. So we have to take heed to the charge in Hebrews 4:16. Come forward to receive mercy and find grace. When you approach this one, you will receive from Him grace for timely help. Here, just briefly, this has to be our practice every day. Every day we have to wake up with a realization, today is a new day. No one has ever lived this day on the earth. The things of today. I need grace for these things. This grace meets exactly what you need in that experience. There is many things in human life. Day after day, new experiences of human life that you never experienced before that you don’t know what to do. Maybe you are sitting there in your self, wondering, worrying...Whatever about my spouse, my children, what about this, what about that? The things that come along for that day. And you will find grace for the things of that day as long as it is called “today.” Where is He? He is in our spirit. Come forward. Don’t think you are going to get this great reservoir of grace built up in you then draw on it for the rest of your life. It is very much for the very thing that you are facing today...There is not one thing He as grace you cannot pass through...for every need.

Today. Lord, grant me today’s portion of grace.

What is the grace of God? Christ that has been imparted into us as the divine life to live in us through the life-giving Spirit. To not live by this Spirit is to nullify the grace of God. Here is another way of looking at the application...How many of us repent at the end of the day...of the failure to experience and enjoy Him as the Spirit in everything?

God’s economy is for His people to enjoy the Triune God who has been processed to become the life-giving Spirit through incarnation, human living, crucifixion, resurrection, and ascension. In His economy, God intends that His people enjoy Himself as such a Triune God and become one with Him. Then these people will become one in the divine life and express the Triune God corporately. So the church life is a group of people who are living by this grace...the ultimately issue will be the New Jerusalem, the corporate expression of the Triune God in eternity. If we see this vision...we will never go back to the law.

Practically we need to be those who stand in grace...we exercise to deny the natural I. We abandon the flesh...If every day we would just walk in the Spirit and deny the natural I and abandon our flesh, what we are confident of in ourselves, then we will be those who do not nullify the grace of God. And we will be those, like Paul described in Romans 5:2, we have access by faith into grace in which we stand...allowing the Triune God to be everything to us.
10/31/2019
DHo
483
1193
God’s Eternal Economy
God’s economy is “no longer” and “now.” Rom. 6:5-8; 2 Cor. 5:14-15. Live with Him. Live to Him. Gal. 2:19-20. Even in this magnificent truth of God’s economy...Paul couldn’t help but share, “Loved me, gave Himself up for me.” 1 Tim. 1:15. Another basic truth of the gospel. 1 Tim. 1:15. I love this verse. Isn’t that the great truth? Isn’t that the gospel? But the verse continues, “of which I am foremost.” He can’t help it. This is Paul, his sentiment. If you have the Spirit and read and pray-read Galatians 2:20 before the Lord...

Sharing

My burden is to be faithful to Br. Lee’s burden in this message—to help all the believers to have a proper and adequately understanding of this basic truth. How do you lived to God? Not ‘for.’ Our improper understanding is that we do things for God. We need Galatians 2:20 to answer that question. “No longer I who live...live...live...live in the flesh.” So the focus is on our living. Br. Lee begins the Life-study with what it is not. What God’s economy is not. Often it is helpful, in defining what something is, to define what it is not. The inner life people have this thought, even influenced Br. Lee in the early years. “Not a changed life but an exchanged life.” I got excited. One danger of an exchanged life is that you think things happen instantaneously. God’s economy is not overnight, miraculous. I started in Romans...if you think it is instantaneous, you are missing the growth in God’s economy.

What is really going on in this grafted life where we are learning to live with the Lord, allowing the Lord to live with us and through us. The grafted life is not an amphibious life. We behave one way in the water, and another way on the land (church vs work...). It is not a symbiotic life—two organisms mutually help one another. Some think we help the Lord and He helps us...Grafted life is two similar lives that have been joined as one. It is not, for sure, a parasitic life. We are...cutting off from a formal source and joining to a richer, flourishing tree. And when there is that joining and maintaining of that union, then the richer, sweeter life flows, the formerly poorer grafted branch is uplifted...this is the organic union and this is where we have to stay.

Backyard lemon tree. Not a grafted situation. It is almost too healthy (too main lemons). One day a branch broke (about 80%). I was ready to just snap it and be done with it. I didn’t. I let it stay there for a little bit. We saw that it started to die. Well, that is life. Some time passed. I kind of ignored it. One day my gardener came. He did something—it didn’t even occur to me. Rather than just snapping it, my gardener took a piece of rope and repositioned the branch back to where it had been broken. Secured it there and tied it to another healthy branch to secure...Imagine, it is close enough to grafting. I thought, That is very interesting, but there is no way it is going to work. Months of gone by. Maybe over a year now. And this branch, which I thought was good for nothing, it is flourishing. Wow, lemons are coming out...that rope is still there. I don’t dare to cut the rope. That branch, right, its union with the tree has been maintained. It’s been restored. And there is that kiss, that union. If you didn’t have that rope, even an artificial, apparently an inorganic rope—you needed that structure to keep it joined. I think about that a lot...Life grows by regulation. It is like that. This training is designed to keep you in that organic union. The goal is that you are in that organic union because the risk is, if you are not, we are just branches that are part of weaker source, have fallen out, not bearing healthy fruit. My burden with the view of this grafted life, is, this branch is flourishing. God’s economy is not to exchange...but to take this formerly corrupt, weak, fruitless, pitiful branch and make it flourish. How? In the organic union, through the supply. Through the transmission, the infusion of this divine life, that sap of the tree. And now the tree is living in that branch. The branch lives in that tree. And it is all because of that rope that kept it connected. We can’t force you to do certain things. But brothers and sisters, this is why this is the life that we have to live in faith. There is the appreciation, even an affection. There is, if I may say, well, the illustration is kiss. The picture that comes to mind is just an embrace. I realize when the ministering brothers share on the grafted life, often times a brother really likes to use the book Habakkuk. That is weird. But the meaning Habakkuk means embracing, clinging to. The meaning of the prophet’s name indicates, in order for man to receive God’s salvation...God became a man that He can embrace sinners and sinners may cling to Him. We have to allow the Lord to embrace and we have to cling to Him. We need to embrace and hug it out. Just stay in this organic union. Just to touch the Lord in this way. The appreciation. And actually the Lord becomes our ability to believe. He is infused into us...and we stay in this organic union.

God’s eternal economy is to make Himself one with man and man one with Him...That expression is the grafted life, not the exchanged life. As we fellowship and shepherd many of you as you go on in life, we realize that what is happening within you is a mingled life. There is something of the Lord added to you, growing within you, yes, the old man is terminated. We are not living by that life. But now your proper human expression is being manifested...It should be an encouragement to you that however the Lord leads you, whatever intrinsic ability, feature, function, in your humanity, the Lord is restoring, supplying and will bring it into function and fruitfulness. We don’t always know how this takes place. I often feel for those in the church life who are gifted artists. They often wonder, “How is my ability come into fruitfulness...?” However the Lord created you, the Lord would like to fill you, grow with you, not annihilate you, and bring whatever gift and portion you have into function for the Body of Christ. I believe that will happen and I believe that does happen...I often wish someone would stand up and read a poem they composed. Psalm 45...Some of you have callings for careers. If it is something that you feel the Lord is doing in you, that is part of divine attributes being manifested through your human virtues. We have to let this life...#152.
10/23/2019
Prophecy:
As Christians, our unique need is to daily live in the organic union with the Triune God. An illustration of such an organic union is presented in Romans 11 through the grafting, which involves two main aspects: cutting and uniting. Through the crucifixion of Christ, we have been cut off from everything other than God. And, in the resurrection of Christ, we have been united to the Triune God to become absolutely one with Him! Paul states this fact in verse 19 of Galatians 2, saying, “For I through law have died to law that I might live to God.”

Then the next verse shows that it is by faith in Christ that we enter into such an organic union with Him in our experience. As we turn to the Lord and receive more infusion from Him, our appreciation of Him, which is our faith, increases and operates in us to strengthen our organic union with Him. In such an organic union we continually experience the cutting of the death of Christ and the joining of the resurrection of Christ, thus we are truly dead to law and living to God.

10/24/2019
JLee
770
547
482
In the New Testament, and even with us, believers, you may not be focusing on that Mosaic Law. We have many self-made law. Something may not be spoken. Even unspoken. We every day in our living, we are living in this realm of the law, trying to satisfy the requirements of the law...there is a lot of expectations, standards we place on ourselves, on others. We have this law we apply to ourselves and others, and causing condemnation, judgment, to bring in a lot of—causing conflicts. Because of the working of the law that is being applied to us. We may not realize how much the law has effect upon us...You are trainees. You are subject to these requirements...In God’s economy, God wants us to live to Him...Paul, in this portion in Galatians 2 reveals to us something too wonderful. That, through the body of Christ being crucified and the cross under—according to the law, that through law we are delivered from the law. Through the law we have been set free from the law. And we being joined to Him, grafted into Him, we can be set free from the law. We cannot be dead to the law by ourselves. But it is only through Christ who has fulfilled all the requirements of the law. And now He nailed the law on the cross and set us free from all that the law requires upon us. Christ on the cross according to God’s law fulfilled all its requirements and set us free.

For us to live to God requires us to see this precious matter of our organic union with Him. We cannot die to the law by ourselves.

The law is effective as long as man is still alive. For a long time it troubles (Romans 7). Who is the wife? Who is the husband? Here, there are two husbands. One is old, one is new. The woman is referring to us. Who was the first husband? Our old man. Yes, we have been married to our old man as our husband. As long as that old husband is still alive, we are subject to the law. The law will be effective on us. Only when that old man is crucified, we are set free...to marry another. This second husband is Christ. Christ in resurrection. He is the one to whom now we marry. So you have to read the footnote. Footnote 2. The first husband is not the flesh or the law but the old man who has been crucified in Christ...Now it is only through Christ’s crucifixion, the old man has been crucified.

Faith and love they go together. Have you seen Him? No. But we love Him because we believe into Him.

As you behold Him, come to contact Him, His beauty is being revealed in you. Yes Lord, You are beautiful, You are excellent. This matter of living to God and dying to law is an experience in this organic union...Now, through His resurrection, we have been joined to Him. There is the organic union that is going on between Christ and us. Something of Him is flowing into us and something of us is flowing into Him. His history becomes our history. Whatever He passed through becomes ours. Romans 6:4. This matter of the death of Christ, crucifixion of Christ, and the resurrection of Christ is something to be experienced in this organic union through grafting. That when we say that we are crucified with Christ it is not like a just once for all process. Like in Romans, we have “grown together.” There is a growing process. We have grown together with Him in the likeness of His death. That cutting that death of Christ has a likeness into which we are growing together with Him in the likeness of His death and also in the likeness of His resurrection—v. 5. It is in this organic union that we experience the deep significance of what it means to die to the law and live to God. It is not just an once for all experience...through the organic union, this death, the crucifixion of Christ, is continuously operating in us through this organic union, causing us to live a life that is dead to the law. We are no longer obligated to the law. We are still here. God did not remove them. Christ has fulfilled all the laws. Now the old man has been crucified. I don’t attempt to satisfy...Whatever the law requires to me...the old man has been terminated. So we set free from the obligation of the law. On the positive side, at the same time we are living to God. Not only His death is our history, His living is our history. We live together not by our determination...if you see this wonderful fact that we have been organically joined to Christ...then spontaneously we are set from all the obligation under the law and we live to Christ...We have a relationship. Even a love relationship, of a wife and a husband, with Christ...Now we are freed to marry another—Christ Himself...My Husband is responsible for everything I need. Every day, my responsibility is to exercise my faith, to enjoy, appreciate Him, and to love Him, enjoy Him, for all that He is. So the more you love Him, the more our faith is strengthened...that will cause us to love Him more. This is what God’s economy all about. It is not our determination of dying to law and living to God. You have to see this wonderful...organic union.

Romans 7 and 6. Study that.
10/10/2019
Reading:
Freedom in Christ:
	1.	Liberation from obligation—Acts 15:10.
	2.	Satisfaction with a rich supply
	3.	True rest—Matt. 11:28.
	4.	The enjoyment of Christ

	I.	Slavery under law:
	A.	The law, typified by Hagar, having no position in God’s promise and grace.
	B.	The law unable to give life—3:21.
	C.	Salves under law striving to keep the law by the flesh—3:3.
	II.	Freedom in Christ:
	A.	Christ, being the life-giving Spirit, imparting life by grace—2:20a; 4:31.
	B.	Life, imparted by Christ, producing sons like Isaac to inherit God’s promise—4:28, 30-31.
	C.	Sons of promise participating in God’s grace of life, enjoying freedom of life—5:1; 2:4.

The Truth of the Gospel—Gal. 2:5, 14
	I.	Man not justified by works of law—2:16.
	II.	Law being the custodian to keep God’s chosen people until Christ came—3:23-24; 4:2:
	A.	The best way for man to be exposed is to cause his situation to be seen in the light of God’s attributes (holiness, righteousness, light, and love)—3:19.
	B.	As the law functions to expose people, it keeps them—vv. 23-24.
	C.	When the dispensational function of the law has been fulfilled, the law should not remain any longer; otherwise it will be against the basic principle of God’s economy.
	III.	Law being over after Christ came—v. 25.
	IV.	Under God’s New Testament economy:
	A.	Man justified by faith in Christ—2:16:
	1.	Faith in Christ denotes an organic union through believing.
	2.	The focal point of our preaching must be this living Person of the Son of God.
	3.	The faith in Christ by which believers are justified is related to their appreciation of the Person of the Son of God:
	a)	The more we describe Him and speak of His preciousness, the more something will be infused into the being of the listeners.
	b)	Faith is Christ preached into us to become our capacity to believe through our appreciation of Him.
	4.	This faith crates an organic union in which we and Christ are one.
	5.	It is by means of our organic union with Christ that God can reckon Christ as our righteousness.
	B.	Man having life and living by faith—3:11.
	C.	Man being dead to law that he might live to God—2:19.
	D.	Man having Christ living in Him—v. 20a.
	E.	Man being a new creation—6:15:
	1.	A new creation is the mingling of God with man.
	2.	The new creation takes place when the Triune God in Christ through the Spirit is wrought into our being.
	3.	We the creatures have mingled and become one with God the Creator.
	4.	This is accomplished by faith in Christ—the union with Christ in which Christ lives in us and we become a new creation.


10/17/2019
WHale
538
Exodus 19:8. Was that spoken before or after giving of the law? Before...The principle of the knowledge of good and evil. The principle is to know something and to do something. God’s intention is that man would express Him and represent Him. This is the twofold intention. God rested on the seventh day because He had a man no on the earth to express Him and represent Him. Do you want to know what gives God rest? Having a man who expresses and represents Him. You rest when you express God and represent God. How did God intend to carry out that purpose in man? You have to go to Genesis 2. God put man in the garden and told them to eat. He didn’t tell them to do anything. Eat the tree of life. God embodied in Christ to be man’s satisfaction. This is the way God will fulfill His purpose. We know that man did not take this way of God. Rather he took another principle. He took the principle of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. The principle is that man would know something and do something. Anytime we have a sense that we want to do something, we should be ware. Man not only fell there in the garden. But he fell four different levels. I used to read this story of Cain and Abel and felt sorry for Cain. At least he was trying to worship God. At least he was not doing something on his own. Actually he was doing something on his own. He tried to do something to please God and invented religion. And it came out of His own concept. What did God do with man? He gave up on man. He gave up on created man. He went to a called man. He called one man. Who is that called man? Abraham, to start a new race. A new race who are called men. Did God give Him something to do? He gave him a promise. And that promise was of a seed and of a land. God promised a seed and a land. These are of course a picture of Christ. He gave a covenant according to that promise. That covenant, we see in Galatians, is the Spirit. Who is the Spirit? God. When we enjoy God, we are sons of promise...we become certain kinds of sons. Sons of promise. Genesis says that Abraham believed God and it was accounted to him as righteousness. Abraham believed God. But then we see Abraham was tested by time. Nothing happened. Where was this son? Where was this seed that God promised? So Abraham did something when he was 86 years old. He listened to his wife and her proposal to take a concubine. He did something out of his own flesh and produced something. He produced a seed. And that seed was a slave. Anything that we do out of our flesh to try to please God can only make us slaves. Keep producing Ishmael. Abraham tried, what, to do something. What tree was he on? Whether than believing, he tried to do. So God waited 13 more years. And then He produced one whose name was laughter, Isaac. When we believed God’s promise, when we receive by grace through faith what God has promised, we get Isaac. We get the promised seed. Our trying to do something can only bring us into slavery. We can believe what God has promised by grace through faith...Then Jacob—>Israel. The children of Israel, did they take God’s promise by grace through faith? Exo. 19. Here they are. “You have seen what I did to the Egyptians...and I brought you to Myself (not to the law).” This is by grace. By grace God did something. “Now therefore, if you indeed will obey My voice and keep My covenant.” What covenant? Of the law? No. The promise given to Abraham...He said, “...then you shall be My personal treasure...kingdom of priests, an a holy nation.” If we keep this promise by grace through faith, we become the corporate expression of God! But then the people answered together and said, “All that Jehovah has spoken, we will do.” Do you think this made God happy? I used to read that verse and think, Wow, what a good people. I wish my children would say...No, this didn’t make God happy. Exodus 19. The scene became darkness, smoke. It is a terrifying scene. God’s holiness. So God did something. He came and. gave the law.

Why did God give the law? The law was given to expose man. On the positive side it is a portrait of God. He is love, light...But it had a wonderful function, and that was to expose man, expose man’s sin, expose man’s shortage, and expose man’s inability. Man is not able to keep the law. So what did the people do to God’s giving of the law? Again, “...we will do.” Of course another function was to conduct them to Christ. The law was operating in this function of exposing man for over 1500 years. It took men 1500 years to realize that he could not do it.

At the fullness of the times Christ came! Never think that God is going to give up on you. You will realize that you can’t do it, you can’t make it. And this will bring us to Christ. It kept man until Christ could come. When we are fully exposed, we realize that we can’t. He can! The only one that ever fulfilled the law was Christ. And we are in Him. It is in Him that we become the righteousness of God in Him. Romans 10:4 says that Christ is the end of the law unto righteousness to everyone who tries hard? No. To everyone who does good? No. To everyone who imitates Christ? No. To everyone who believes! Who keeps the covenant given to Abraham. We need to be those who believe. And then we become the sons of God. We are not slaves we are sons. The book of Galatians is centered on Christ. Christ is versus the law. Christ is versus religion. Christ, Christ, Christ. Paul’s burden in Galatians is Christ! And this Christ is revealed in us. This was Paul’s experience. “When it pleased God.” It pleased God. To what? To reveal the law? No. “To reveal His Son.” This is what makes God happy. Paul through the law has died to law that he might live to God...then Christ lived in Paul. And then in Galatians 4:19, we see that Paul was laboring that Christ would be formed in the believers. Christ needs to live in us, revealed in us, and formed in us. When Christ is formed in us, this is equal to Christ making Him home in our hearts...[then] we are filled unto all the fullness of God. Then we have the reality of that freedom. We are satisfied and have the true rest and real enjoyment. When we are filled with Christ, we are expressing God, even representing God. God can rest and we also find our rest. Paul wrote this to the churches in Galatia (not an individual believe), and to the household of faith, to the new creation, and the Israel of God. God is after a corporate expression, the real Israel of God. Praise the Lord for the freedom in Christ versus the slavery under law.

DHearne
Are free from slavery? Yes. Are you under the law? No. Then I have a question for you. So is it okay for you to covet? No. Someone tell me why. You are free from the law...If you succeed in never coveting again, somehow, are you justified? No. Why not? There is an intrinsic matter that you have to see for all of this to make sense...I am going to highlight. And that is, whatever you do in the old creation, you will not please God. Full stop. And in the new creation, you are the person who pleases God. So whatever you do, if it is Christ, God is quite happy. We are enabled to keep the law. Because you are unable in your flesh to be in God...When man fell, there was a barrier put in front of the tree of life. The way to God was closed by His righteousness, holiness, and glory. The children of Israel saying, “We will do...” means “We will get right back on the tree of life,” not realizing that there is the sword that will slay them. Paul is trying to help realize that anything we do in the flesh is against God. And trying to keep rules under flesh, to put yourself under slave is foolish. The Galatians were freed through believing to be in the new creation, to be one spirit with Christ. Why would you do anything by flesh anymore...So when we talk about the law, whether or not you should covet, you shouldn’t think about whether or not you have the ability to covet or not because being in Christ isn’t merely having an ability to do good things. It isn’t the point of everything. It is not the way to keep the rules. It is the goal to be one with Christ, for Christ to be your life, living, everything. So when we come to this chapter, it is the truth of the gospel, the reality of the gospel. Not as the doctrine facts but the reality of what Paul’s gospel was. In Galatians we see Paul found out that the churches in Galatia was trying to please God with their flesh. So you again have to point to them that the point is not keeping rules but living another person. In the end of the book...you have to walk by the Spirit, live by the Spirit. It is entirely of another realm of keeping the rules. Even if you keep all the law in an outward way, you are still in the law. If you think you have to keep the law, you are keeping yourselves in the flesh, thus depriving yourself from the enjoyments of Christ, of grace. So the way Paul reveal this is in the way of principle...Paul calls religion present evil age. It is evil to try to do good in your flesh to please God. It in not innocuous in any shape or form. If you are in the realm of doing good and evil, don’t think that is not affecting you and your team. You are bringing evil into you. The fruit of the flesh and the fruit of the Spirit. Trying to keep the law by the flesh is living in the flesh. It is not just gross sins, lusts, that is the flesh. But everything that you do in your flesh. All the rule keeping in your flesh...anger, division, all comes from people living in the flesh. Don’t think it is a small matter to be delivered...from all that into Christ.

Since you are freed from the law, do you have to keep the rules of the training? Doesn’t matter. Intrinsically doesn’t matter...Not just in the training. But in life. You don’t have to keep the laws. You are not justified from the works of the law. But don’t forget that God has a government. And in this government there is authority and deputy authority. I hope when you get pulled over, you won’t tell him, “Didn’t you read Galatians?” In the sphere of God’s government you are very much under regulation. To live in the old creation, keeping those kind of laws can be burdensome...It is much better to do it in the new creation. If you are rebel against authority, then my guess is that you are living in your spirit much...There is forgiveness. But don’t confuse what we are talking about here with being freed from the law. I had opportunities to serve in a number of places. There was once a brother who felt he never needed to be in coordination. His viewing of requirements of serving was in the same sphere of the law that we were freed from. He didn’t realize that it was a part of the law. That authority required that we come on time. It had nothing to do with maturity, growth in life. So I hope we are not confusing the two. We are freed from having to keep the law...but this new creation is living under God’s authority. If you want to get through the training with all the rules, do it in new creation. There is the mechanism of governmental forgiveness...but your life and peace will be directly correlated with your endeavor to live under authority.

First he points out that man is not justified by the works of law. Whether you are succeeding or not you are not justified by it. Why then do you spend so much time doing it? Man is not justified by the works of the law. This is what the Bible explicitly says. “Out of the works of the law, the flesh will be justified.” Full stop. What are you doing? Why do you put yourself under t yoke of the slavery again? It won’t justify you...It was to expose men, to show men that he could not be what God wanted him to be. Man is all wrapped up in good and evil. He needed to expose man that...Here is Me, My testimony. Let’s see if you can beat it with your right and wrong. It [Israel] was a history of failure and failure and evilness even in some places. They were grotesquely evil. They were being fully exposed by this law. Even the recovered people out of Babylon...by the time the Lord came, He was having to fight these people. They were even fully exposed. They thought they were quite good. But they were opposing God Himself. They were directly opposing God whom they thought they were worshipping. The final thing that the law did was a protection. The way the Lord combatted the fall was the Lord arranged a situation...He had to have a human government come in. One thing that the law did also was to keep His people in custody, so that things would not get too out of hand before Christ came. But now that Christ has come, there is no longer need to do any of these things...He doesn’t need you to live anymore. The way God used the law to deal with man is over. It makes no sense. It ended two thousand years ago. In fact it is rebellious...Now Christ has come. And Christ desires to deal with you in Christ. So man is justified by faith in Christ. Why is man justified by faith in Christ? How does faith in Christ justify man? Organic union. Surely if you are in Christ you are justified. Christ is exactly the one who pleases God. So if you are one with Him, you are justified...My hand enjoys college degree, has two kids...My hand is in an organic union with me. Gal. 3:16. Who is Abraham’s seed. Christ! Then who is the promised blessing of Abraham? Christ. Do you believe this verse? Verse 29. If you are of Christ, then you are Christ. Surely, if Christ pleases God and you are Abraham’s seed, surely you are justified by faith. This is the organic union with this one. Now you have one life and living with Christ. 2:20a. So we have life and we are living by faith. We are enjoying that organic union with this wonderful Christ. We are dead to law so that we can live to God...we are in new creation and this is what matters.
10/7/2019
DHo
426
513
This is a shepherding word because I understand that [you may become introspective]. The book of Galatians is a ‘winter’ book. Christian life is not an endless summer, not even an endless spring. But there are winter periods. Winter is a time of reduction. Winter is imperative, seasonly to reduce, destroy, to prepare for the spring. There is something to passing through a winter in our Christian life. I dare not say what season any individual is passing through. It is interesting in Galatians. Actually not just Galatians, but in God’s economy, how time is...(Eph. 1:10). God’s economy is carried out according to His time table, which we cannot control...so much that in Galatians it says, when it pleased God. There is some winter. That is okay, that is normal. It is a season. And it is a principle. ‘When’ it pleased God. We cannot always invoke and say, Now is the time that I must have some experience. So there is this side of it. Recently I took my daughter to where I was in college. She said, tell me about college and what you learned and your experience. I pointed out this building and that building. I did not feel to tell her at the time but the most poignant, graphic, vivid recollection of that time, crossing the cross section of 34th and Walnut. I started. By the time I crossed, on the other side, I had a clear sense that God has revealed Himself in me. If you are going through winter, you go through winter. But rest assure, that within your spirit there something budding within. Deep in your spirit, something is budding. The flip side, even though there is God’s timing, don’t forget 2 Cor. 3:17, which says, “Whenever.” Whenever! Whenever your heart turns to the Lord, the veil is taken away. Whenever!! God has His time table. And there are things we cannot control. But we do have the word, “whenever.” There are things we can control. Br. Lee is in the lab, exploring. How can one receive revelation? 2 Cor. 3. Whenever your heart turns to the Lord, the veil is taken away. So we are in a paradox. We are in a season under God’s arrangement. But whenever...the veil is taken away.

God’s Son verses man’s religion. Br. Lee ends with this question. Which do you choose...? Why would anybody choose man’s religion over the living person of God’s Son. Why do we, even in 2019 as believers in the Lord’s recovery, why can we at times choose man’s religion? R: Religion is lazy man’s way out. We have this religious propensity. We have an inclination where we like to be told what to do. I think “lazy man’s way out,” is quite insightful actually. When we talk about a legalistic Christian life, full of dos and don’ts, this and that...every jot and tittle...how does that sound to you? Sounds hard. Is it really hard? What is really harder? Yes, there may be a lot of ordinances. But if you confide with ordinances, if you check the box, your relationship is such that you are okay...Yesterday was...if you are a Jewish person, on this day of the year you take care of your sins. At first, it sounds hard to live a life under the law. But actually it is easier to take that way as opposed to learning to touch the living person of the Son of God, learning to hear Him, learning to follow Him. In the Christian life, our day of atonement is not once a year ceremonial...You look at the experience of life to deal with sins, to deal with your conscience. Even dealing with your conscience in the second stage of life, it is not even dealing with what is wrong, but with what is right. All of these are dealings are that come from the direct touch of the living Lord. It is actually easier to just follow the law. And it is much harder to learn to seek the living Son of God. And this is a test to us. As we go through our Christian life, through our seasons, we will see that our religious propensity will be there...I live close to Korean Town. Some of these Korean churches, most days of the week, they have something called sunrise prayer service. Dawn prayer. They are there 5 AM every day praying. Quite commendable. One time I made this comment. “I am really impressed by that devotion.” And this believer said, “Yeah, but it is not that hard actually.” Yes, you are told, if you do that everything else will be okay. I am kind of developing what you shared. But this is why brothers and sisters, it is so easy to choose man’s religion. This is why our brother is so desperate that we would not just have traditions in place of the living Son of God. This word is given in the December of 1979(?). Probably Br. Lee was addressing something in that congregation. I don’t think many people here have dealt with leg lengthening. At the time some would come out of that. Seventh Day Adventists treasure the Sabbath, given by God. But one verse, Eph. 2:15...abolished, demolished all the Sabbath keeping. You can treasure that practice over the living person of the Son of God. We are not pointing the fingers at others. Here we are, 40 years later, “Lord, are there areas in the church life that I am just practicing according to the tradition and not according to the Son of God?” We seek holiness, spirituality. One brother shared how he had a temper [problem]. He found a portion in the ministry that he felt delivered him from this problem. He realized, we all say, of course, that is not the living person of the Son of God. But we all have that kind of...We compared ourselves to one another. Comparing ourselves is a sign of religion and no good will come about...We can go in your house, gospel team with this thought, “I will exceed my contemporaries...” This is the burden. God’s Son verses man’s religion. All these things cannot coexist. We need to see no one except Jesus Himself alone.

Message four on the revelation of God’s Son in us. When you have the Son, you have the entire Triune God...that is Br. Lee’s light, which, by our reading it, the Spirit shining on it, we can receive enlightenment. I would like to conclude in this way. We have this point, don’t worry about the sequence. There is something to that. Every class, exercise to drop your concept because revelation does come in our spirit. Eph. 1:17; 3:3-5. The revelation is in our spirit. But it also comes through our enlightened mind (Eph. 1:18). And because we need our minds enlightened, we need to drop our concepts. How? Lord Jesus, help me to drop my concepts. I turn my heart to You right now. Remove every veil. We ask of the Lord. But my burden here is that with regards to God’s economy, which is altogether related to His Son, the only way to appreciate this is by revelation. Let me explain. If you come to the Bible and view it as a book of wisdom, you don’t need revelation actually. You can read proverbs and say, “Wow I’ve picked up some points.” Most approaches to the Bible, even sound theology, practices, do not require revelation. You can read it and get the point. You can pick up all of these things, none of which require revelation. But God’s economy, which concerns His Son, which has prerequisite, which is revelation. Matt. 16, “You are the Christ, the Son of the living God.” To know the Son...we must have revelation...Drop our concepts, turn our hearts to the Lord, deal with Him in our spirit, be in the word, and the Lord will freshly reveal Himself to us. The Lord’s recovery is built on revelation. If we don’t get that, we are just in a realm where we are...in tradition...As you go through winter within you, your spirit is budding. There is desire to not cling to any tradition. We would really be desperate...aggressive...and every place may we have this attitude. Never forget, “Whenever.”
9/19/2019
Reading:
	-	The focal point of Paul’s gospel is that the Son of God, God’s anointed One, has entered into our being to be our life today and our glory in the future so that we may be the members of His Body.
	-	According to the revelation given to Paul, the gospel is focused on the Triune God being our life in order to be one with us and to make us one with Him, that we may be the Body of Christ to express God in a corporate way.
	-	The focal point of the gospel is not God’s administration; it is God Himself in His Trinity becoming the processed all-inclusive Spirit to be life and everything to us for our enjoyment, so that He and we may be one to express Him for eternity.

Prophecy:
In Colossians 1:25, Paul says, “I became a minister according to the stewardship of God, which was given to me for you, to complete the word of God.” Hence, Paul’s gospel is the gospel of completion. Therefore, in order for us to receive the complete revelation of the gospel in the New Testament, we must know the gospel of Paul, the fifth gospel, which is not just the Epistle to the Romans but all that which is revealed in the one hundred chapters of his Epistles, starting from that which is to the Galatians. According to Galatians 1:6, the focus of Paul’s gospel is not centered on God’s administration like that of Mathew or the forgiveness sins like that of Luke, but on grace, which is God Himself in His Trinity becoming the processed all-inclusive Spirit to be life and everything to us for our enjoyment, so that He and we may be one to express Him for eternity.

9/26/2019
JLee
501
948
Gospel is always used in context of unbelievers, to preach the gospel to get them saved. But I believe, in the New Testament, gospel to Paul is not something merely referring to what Christ did on the cross...But the entire economy of God has to be the content of the gospel. Even many so-called Christians, they need the gospel...Even genuine Christians. But how many have seen this full gospel? The first four gospels show us the first God-man came to bring God to man and to die for us on the cross so that we may be forgiven, justified, and reconciled to God. That is the major, main content of the four gospels presented through the life of the Lord Jesus on the earth. But here, in Paul’s gospel, the fifth gospel, reveals us to more than what the first four gospels reveal. The first four reveal the God-man to the cross. In Paul’s gospel, he goes beyond that to show us that He is resurrected, ascended, and now descended as the Spirit to live in us. He is transforming us, conforming us, glorifying us. Many of these were not touched in the first four gospels of the New Testament. But Paul, according to the revelation that he received by the Lord Jesus Christ, he saw that the gospel actually embraces much larger extent than what Christ did for us as a man. His living on the earth lasted only 33 and a half years. After the work of redemption, the work continues. He is in the heavens on the one hand and in our spirit on the other hand, carrying out the heavenly ministry of Christ presented by Paul to carry out the full content of the economy of God.

Concerning the four gospels...we should not say that those are the gospels my man. Every epistle is written by men. Although they are record of Christ’s life on the earth, as Peter tells us, every Scripture is God-breathed. Even those four men writing down the records...It is not merely man keeping a record...They are all inspired by the Holy Spirit. So it is not correct to say those four gospels are according to man or by man. They are all by man. But they are not just according to man, according to their view. These four presented biographies of Christ from four directions. He is a slave, serving us, dispensing God’s divine life into us. Who could put together these four aspects? We should not consider these four gospels we’re just gospels according to man. No, even though four gospels, although they describe to us Christ’s life on the earth, bringing us all the way, covering all the way to the cross, but all those four gospels are divinely inspired by God to present to us four aspects of Christ. But here He raised up the apostle of Paul to bring it to completion. Christ is more than just those four aspects. Christ is all-inclusive. His riches are unsearchable. So the Lord, indeed, Himself said, what He spoke, was limited. He had much more He wanted to speak to the disciples. The Spirit of reality had to come to guide them into all the reality. Surely what is recorded in the four gospels should not be considered as the complete gospel. That is the initiation. That was a part of the gospel. Actually a great part of that was filled in by the apostle Paul. The work of Christ was precious. We should not despise at all the four gospels. We do have to recognize that what is presented there is wonderful. The four gospels considering the four aspects of Christ. But here we need Paul’s ministry to show us the full content of the gospel.

I feel we do need an upgrading, a full recovery concerning this matter of the gospel...We need to be delivered from the superficial concept of the gospel. To him, the gospel was the presentation of the entire economy of God. You need to receive God’s economy. Such a gospel is actually the entire economy of God, focusing on a wonderful person, Jesus Christ. So you may say that this gospel is just the person of Christ. This gospel is just Christ Himself. There are Christians who go to seminaries, Bible schools, to learn about to be a minister...I really doubt that these so-called students of the Bible...realize that the very gospel they are learning and trying to preach to others is not something being done by Christ. But rather, the gospel is actually Christ Himself. Paul said, he preached Christ Himself as the gospel. Our gospel is nothing less than this all-inclusive, wonderful person, Jesus Christ. We read this morning, “I marvel that you are so quickly removing from Him...to a different gospel.” From what? From the teaching? No. He said removing from “Him.” You have been distracted from “Him.” To him, this Him is the gospel. This Christ is the gospel. There is another gospel. There is only one gospel. And the gospel is unique. There is only one gospel because this gospel is Jesus Christ Himself. He marveled. These Galatians, so quickly removing from Him. Does it mean that they disagreed with the gospel, forsook the gospel? No, they just left this one. They left the enjoyment of this all-inclusive Christ. To Paul, by leaving, by departing from this person, the enjoyment of this all-inclusive person, is to depart, to leave, the gospel. The gospel is this very person...which is not another gospel. There is only one gospel, Jesus Christ Himself, who has called you in the grace of Christ. He calls us by His grace, ‘in’ the grace. So through the gospel, the presentation of the entire economy of God, we have been brought into the enjoyment of this grace of Christ. Now somebody came in alongside to distract...by the works of law. They are being distracted, being drawn, drawn away from him...

At the very beginning of the chapter, Paul introduced himself [in his] apostleship. How? “Not from men nor through man...” This is the one who has been given...He made it clear, right from the start, to commission him...through Jesus Christ our Savior. Not only from Jesus Christ, but also through and God the Father. Here, in Paul’s realization, his apostleship...was the very Triune God Himself. Not only as the Creator God. He calls Him God the Father, He is the one who regenerated us. His apostleship came from Jesus Christ the God-man, our Savior, who rescued us, delivered us from Satan, sin and death. His apostleship came through Jesus Christ and from God the Father. Not only he was redeemed by Christ, but regenerated by God the Father, who raised Him from dead. Why did Paul become so detailed to describe his apostleship in this way? This was the content...This apostleship is not from men nor through man, but through Jesus Christ. Even in that very brief introduction, he presented God’s economy. His apostleship is intimately related to God’s economy. Now He becomes our Father, He raises Christ from the dead...The one who actually commissioned Paul, the one who was raised from the dead by the Father. Paul wasn’t just there as a common gospel preacher. He knows who is this one who sent him, who commissioned him to preach this gospel. This gospel is altogether concerning this Christ. So later on we see that this gospel is the unique gospel, the gospel of grace. This gospel is not from men nor through man, nothing in the natural source. But it’s through the revelation by Jesus Christ. I hope, through this kind of training, we are all here being taught, in a good sense. Eventually, then you can say what you have seen, what you have received, is not just being taught. You have seen the revelation. Something has been televised, transfused into you as a vision. I hope many of you, the Lord may raise you up to be preachers of the gospel. There is the need, that many would become such preachers of the gospel...Today there has to be the preachers of God’s economy, not only to tell people how Jesus died for them, but how Jesus can live in you. Jesus is not the Spirit who lives in our spirit. The Christ in our gospel is not just the one on the cross but Christ who is the Spirit, who lives in us, sanctifying us, transforming us, conforming us, and ultimately glorifying us, making us the same as He is in life and nature; this is the full gospel. Not even Billy Graham, there is not much revelation of the gospel being Jesus Christ Himself. After many got saved, how do they go on? In order for them to grow...they need to see the complete gospel. The four gospels enable us to be saved, to be redeemed. Paul’s gospel enable us to go on, to grow, to be mature, to be established. So in the New Testament, truly we do not only have four gospels. There is this fifth gospel, which is the gospel according to Paul. He wrote 14 out of 27 books in the New Testament. He occupy more than half of the New Testament...“my gospel.” By having this gospel infused into you, you can tell people, “this is my gospel.” Eventually, it is not what you are taught but what is reveal to you...
9/12/2019
Reading:
The entire Gospel of John is a revelation of the divine dispensing of the Divine Trinity as the divine life. According to chapter 1 verse 14, in order for this dispensing to reach us, God was first incarnated to became flesh full of grace and reality. Then John 3:16 clearly reveals God’s intention, saying, God gave His only begotten Son (incarnation), that everyone who believes into Him...would have eternal life (dispensing). To fulfill this intention, Christ then passed through His shell-breaking and life-releasing death as indicated by John 12:24, and finally resurrected, thus imparting this life that has been released through His death into the believers, regenerating them; according to 1 Pet. 1:3. In His resurrection, as seen in 1 Cor. 15:45, He also became a life-giving Spirit! This is the Holy Spirit, the consummation of the processed Triune God which the Lord breathed into His disciples in John 20. Today, as His disciples, we can and must continually receive this divine dispensing by breathing Him in! Then there will be the fourfold issue of this divine dispensing, which ultimately will make us His bride.

9/19/2019
CBirchler
255
How I learned to speak my first sentence. End of first term, July training...“Praise the Lord!” “No, say something.” Then I began to declare the banner. “No, say something.” Then I began to speak one of the points that has impressed me. I just began to speak the point. Then I hear, very good, very good. The point there was, when we speak, right away say something. Get to the point, even the main point. In my second term...at the end of his word how to prophesy, Br. Lee said, “You, say something.” One of the trainer on the side said to use the outline...

The second line shows us how Jesus is dispensed into us. Through what? Regeneration, our breathing, drinking, adequate eating of Him. The first line is the process, steps, He took to be dispensed into us. And the second line shows how this dispensing takes place now that He is the Spirit.

The Divine Trinity is God Himself. And the divine life is the life of God. And you cannot separate the life of God from God Himself. The divine dispensing of the Divine Trinity in His divine economy. The gospel of John is the gospel of the divine life. It is not only a gospel to show us Christ as the Savior. This gospel of John is a gospel of the divine life. It is presenting not merely in an objective way but in a subjective way, for us to receive. This dispensing has an intention. This dispensing is to make God one with man and man one with God. And a good illustration of how God could become one with man is the illustration in the physical realm of our eating that what we eat is first received by us, enjoyed by us, taken into us, then once it is within us, it then is digested by us. After it has been digested, it can then be assimilated into us to become our constituent, to become what we are. That is why even man would say, “you are what you eat.” If we eat God, we become one with God because we are those who eat God, digest God, and assimilate God into our being. Last week we talked about the need to build up or cultivate our time in the morning with the Lord. That is the time to eat, drink, and breathe the Lord. Just because you eat, doesn’t mean what you become will become you. It is very important to have a proper digestion. Even as human beings, if you don’t have a proper digestion system, it will affect your well-being. There is the initial enjoyment as you partake. But that food needs to be digested and assimilated. We may eat something of the Lord (in the meetings), but after that eating, we may not take care of digesting. That is why we go through eating [yet] not have the growth that should be according to our eating. After we eat the word, it is an operating, living word...He would cause us to recall certain things that we had eaten. And He wants to work that into us. It nds our responding, amen-ing, as He is shining something further. “Yes Lord, Amen, Lord!” Or it may need our spending time, musing on it, “Lord, what is this, I seem to have no reality of this, work this into me, guide this into me.” Something within me received a life supply. But I realize I have a little reality. So throughout the day, even at night, lying on bed, we may take some time to chew...As the Lord is stirring within, needing our respond to amen that matter, sometimes it needs our repenting. “Lord, I realize that I am short in this matter.” It becomes bitter within us because it is enjoyable but we have little reality within us.

I am concerned that you may eat but you may not have the time to digest (because of the time we are living). We may have no “down time,” “quiet time.” You need these moments where there is nothing to do, nothing to watch, and that word that is in you have the opportunity to speak to you...you need some time to go for a walk. Or if you are laying on your bed, the Lord stirs up that word and you need to transact...But today many are off, after meetings, to get boba, to play sports...social time. I am really afraid that that causes the enemy to snatch away the word that the Lord wants to have digested within you. So it is good...to repeat whatever the Lord is shining within you, re-speaking within you. This morning I was in Bible reading, last few chapters of Mark. It says that He became awestruck and deeply distressed and then He said to them, “My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even unto death.” When I hit those words, something began to operate in me. This is the Lord being a genuine man. As He was going to face death, not just common death but one to bear the sin of the world and God’s judgment on those sins, He was awestruck, deeply distressed...And I realized I needed to spend the rest of the day to...digest it, to allow it to be worked into me. We need to take care of this. After your eating, enjoyment of something of the Lord, you need to then move on to digest it. However that word within maybe moving within you...we need to spend time to let that word be worked into us.

Back to John...Grace is Christ as the embodiment of God who is life...That life becomes grace, life that has been received by us, experienced by us, enjoyed by us. That is what real grace is. It is not only grace but reality. It also causes us to have reality, to know God, God becomes real to us. God is no longer an objective God but very subjective. I received God! But that life is God Himself. When you contact that life, you are contacting God Himself. Not just something of God. That makes God very real.

Another little burden on reality. God is life. Our spirit is life (Romans 8:10). Your spirit is life. I know some philosophers in our young people say “I don’t want to exercise my spirit because it is not real.” What are you saying? Your spirit is life and that life is God Himself and God Himself is the truth, the reality. The Spirit in your spirit is the Spirit of reality. Why are you deceiving yourself? You want to be real? The only place to be real is in your spirit. The spirit is life. That life is the Triune God. The Triune God is the only reality in the universe. Get out of your mind, get out of your deception, get into your spirit. No, we are not going to give you a break. We are going to tell you again and again, exercise your you spirit, and you will become the most real person, when you touch the most real One. I am very much against this kind of speaking among us. It is deception.

At any time you want to enjoy God, it is as simple as turn to your spirit. We have to learn to turn. So close.

Then John 3:16. We need to appreciate this verse to the uttermost. God is saying, because of the steps...whenever you believe now...He did this not merely to redeem you...but much more that you would have eternal life, that you would have the Triune God! So we need to appreciate this verse to the uttermost. Pray-read this again and again...John 3:36. He who believes into the Son has the eternal life. How simple, just believe! Believe into this one that He is God who became a man. Just believe and you have eternal life. If you have t ete life, who do you have? The Triune God dispensed into you.

John 12:24. The divine life could be released so that it can be imparted into man. When the soldier pierced His side, not only blood, but blood and water. Redemption was necessary to prepare the way for God as life to be dispensed into man. But that death was not just for the blood, for redemption, it was more so for life, for the water to come out. Then this one resurrected. And in resurrection He became a life-giving Spirit. And also in resurrection God regenerated all the believers. So here you need to pick up that that death is a life-releasing death. But resurrection is a life-imparting resurrection. And also it is the application, the applying of the divine life to the believers. In resurrection because this life has been released and can be imparted, in the Father’s eyes, this life can be applied to all the believers. 1 Pet. 1:3. We have our view.

This one is the Spirit now for us to breathe. The Lord, having breathed Himself into us, never leaves us. The Lord is with us. He is still with us, and He will be forever with us. Do we realize this? When the Lord breathes Himself now into man, He will never, never leave.

Isn’t this wonderful, that the Triune God has been dispensed into us? These two lines...And then you have this second line of how this one is dispensed into us. The first step of dispensing is regeneration. After the baby is born, he needs to breath, drink, and eat. The Lord says He would be the living water for us to drink. He is the bread for us to eat. John 20:22, He is the breath, pneuma for us to breathe. This is the dispensing of the divine essence into us...Then the living water in John [4], this is the dispensing of the divine riches into us. Gushing up. Unto eternal life. In other words, this living one who is in you as life, rich, and the more you drink of Him, He gushes up until your whole being is filled and saturated with the eternal life. Then with the eating, there is the dispensing of the divine element. When we eat Him, we get constituted with Christ. “He who eats Me [Christ] shall live because of Me [Christ].”

John 14:9-11. The Father came in the Son to be expressed there among...How is the Lord in us? As the Spirit. here we have the Divine Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Spirit, working to dispense Himself into us as the divine life.

The last section. This is the issue. I am so happy that we would have this. We may have the doctrine but how do we know if we have the experience? This ending tells us whether or not we are in the experience of the divine dispensing. The issue of the ones who are enjoying the divine dispensing is that there are many issues. Many flows. Through our living. Then this will cause us to bear fruit. First of all the branch needs to abide in the vine. If we are in the divine dispensing, we will have the outflow of this life. Matt. 28:19...we have the realization that they are being baptized to enjoy the divine dispensing of the divine life. Then we need to show them what kind of living (through our being with them, living before them) is the living in the divine dispensing of the divine life. Then we need to feed these ones. To feed them is to help them partake of the divine dispensing of the divine life—through helping them to read the Bible, to pray, to pray-read the things they read, to confess...But what are these practices for? Not just raising up good Christians but to help them enjoy the divine life, even the divine dispensing. Then there is the wonderful result of our abiding, enjoying this divine life, bearing fruit...something wonderful goes on. These ones are being filled with God Himself...When God increases in us, that produces us to be the Body of Christ and the bride of Christ. How did the increase of Christ come about? It is through the divine dispensing of the Triune God as life into us.
9/5/2019
Reading:
	-	The divine dispensing in the Gospel of John:
	-	Eating (6:35).
	-	Drinking (7:37-38).
	-	Breathing (20:22).
	-	Faith is the substantiation of things hope for, the conviction of things not seen.
	-	Baptism in our daily life is our realization and application of the death of Christ.
	-	We should be blessed to be satisfied with ordinary days in the divine dispensing.
	-	Our destiny is to liv an ordinary life in the divine dispensing.
	-	Our Father God has destined that we live in an ordinary way under His continual dispensing.
	-	This dispensing is through the Head, through the gifted persons, and through the perfected ones, that the Body may be built up.

Prophecy:
In Ephesians 4 we see the divine dispensing of the Divine Trinity for the building up Old Testament organic Body of Christ. First, Christ, who is the embodiment of the processed and consummated Triune God, as the Head, initiates the dispensing to the gifted persons. Then this dispensing goes through the gifted persons to the perfected ones. Then the perfected ones, the functioning ones, will dispense to others. It is by this thorough step-by-step dispensing that the Body grows and builds itself up. In this way, we are made God not only in life and in nature, but we also become God in function, in dispensing. We become the continuation of the dispensing of the Divine Trinity into His chosen people for the building up of the Body of Christ.

CBirchler
1145
608
Two main sections here: John and Ephesians 4.
God’s economy is the central line of the divine revelation. So we should be careful not to focus on the things that are not central. And because this is central, we need to see God’s economy in the entire Bible.

This last gospel was written to reveal that this is God. That is true, especially concerning the time in which it was written. Yes, the Spirit did move John to write that Jesus is God. But we shouldn’t stop there. There is an intrinsic view of the gospel of for God, how the Triune God went through the processes to be consummated...so that He is available today to dispense Himself into us. The first point, or the first step of God’s divine dispensing is incarnation. God became flesh (John 1:14). God became a man. This is dispensing. In Him was life, this is God, this is Christ, this is the one who is the Word of God, the one who became flesh. That means in this one who became flesh, what is in Him? Life. Why is this revealed? He took a step, coming into humanity for the sake of dispensing Himself into man. We see that the Lord in John 6, “I am the bread of life.” Not just “the bread,” but the bread of life, or He would say, the living bread. The bread coming down out of heaven is the picture of God wanting to dispense Himself into man. The bread was served to us. If you are a good waiter, you would bring food and even tell them what you are bringing. He is telling them what He is here for. And we need to eat this living bread. If we want to live, we need to eat Him. That is dispensing. By Him coming as our food...and our drinking of Him, He becomes one wi us and we become one with Him. As our physical food is eaten by us, it is digested and assimilated to become us...Today, we are the constitution of what we have eaten. When the Lord says, “eat Me, drink Me,” His dispensing is not in and out but to become one with you and I, to become our very constitution. We should realize this is how God is carrying out His economy, how the divine dispensing is going on—through our eating and drinking of Him. Then we have another wonderful picture in God’s creation. The things that we eat and drink go through a process, they get processed so that they are in an edible form before us. Aren’t you glad that you can eat a cow (through a process)? How are you going to eat the Triune God? He had to go through a process. He had to go through a number of steps. Has He finished the process? Yes! So we have to say, consummated. So our God is the processed and consummated Triune God so that today He is available in a form for us to receive by eating, drinking, breathing, so that He can enter into us and become one with us. I love pictures.

Then there is another picture. The Lord in John 6 was the living bread. But He began by referring back to Exodus, to the manna that came down out of heaven, every day, for 40 years, to feed God’s people. That manna came in the morning. And the people had to gather the manna. So the manna came. It was available. But still you had to gather your portion of manna. If you waited, if you delayed, then the sun will cause it to melt. If we are to eat God, we need to remember the picture of the children of Israel...eating begins in the morning. We all need to build up a daily habit of rising early in the morning to eat the Lord. So every day we need to eat and every day we need to be revived by rising...receiving the divine dispensing for that day. Not sure how to really press you with this. This is a daily matter. It is daily, daily. We have to build up this habit every morning. I don’t know about you but I remember my own experience. When I was a college student, at the end of my college, I did a summer tour (north and south of New Zealand). We joined a conference. Brother Howard Higashi was speaking. One meeting I sat in was on morning revival, spending time with the Lord. I remember listening and being inspired to spend time with the Lord. So the brothers in the trip we decided to spend time with the Lord every morning. Then the trip ended, there was vision within me, “I have to spend time with the Lord.” But it was hit or miss whether I could rise early enough in the morning to spend time with the Lord. I would have some good days, then I had some periods of time where it seemed like I forgot this matter of eating the Lord in the morning...One of the greatest help I got in the training, along with the truth, being constituted with the truth, was establishing a regular morning by morning habit of spending time with the Lord. Your schedule tells you went to do it. You don’t even have to do it, think about it...You must build up this habit. Five minutes is not adequate. That thirty minutes is not for extra grooming time, extra item for this or that. It is not to study for your classes. All of that is not important. What is important is, we must begin our day in the divine dispensing. And we must stop with the excuses. And we need to learn how to spend thirty minutes to be adequately nourished, supplied by the Lord, to spend an adequately amount of time under the divine dispensing. Now, I am fighting some kind of speaking and teaching that creeps in, that perhaps when you were young in the Lord, you were just encrouaged to just spend few minutes with the Lord...You are not a junior higher anymore. It is not adequate. You are deceiving your self to think that that is the sufficient time under the divine dispensing. That is why you are not growing, stuck where you are...You have to keep gradually increasing the amount of food you are giving the child if you want him to grow...Now it is not okay. You will not grow. You will be stuck in the Christianity life. And when things come later in the Christian life, which is mingled with the human life, you will be stumbled by them, you will be occupied by them, you won’t be able to overcome them because there is the shortage in your spending time with the Lord. I don’t know when you will have the breakthrough, but this is the best time, two years in the Lord. You have to learn who to spend thirty minutes with the Lord. Maybe you can’t get there tomorrow. But learn...Learn how to breathe Him in. Learn how to drink Him...You need to find your way. There is no form. There is no step one, step two, step three. Forget that. Learn how to get in the divine dispensing. Sing what you read, talk to the Lord, whatever, learn how to stay there to receive more of the divine dispensing. There is no other way to grow. You may pick up some outward adjustment...But that won’t sustain you. That won’t carry you through...

Back to John. He went through the necessary steps that we can [eat Him]. Consider, someone who has not read it (the illustration), they may get confused. What is the watermelon? Can you take in the whole watermelon? No way. But the Triune God in the Son went to the cross where He was crucified, cut. That is like the watermelon being sliced into pieces. And the death is those slices getting pressed. Then the resurrection is the Lord becoming the life-giving Spirit. After being pressed, there is the juice. So easy for us to receive...to give us life. We have to realize, today, when we are receiving the Spirit, we are receiving the Triune God. John 7:39, he spoke about the Spirit coming for us to drink. Yet this Spirit was not yet. Not God the Spirit but the Spirit that could flow into us was not yet. The Lord still had to go to the cross to be cut...to become the life-giving Spirit so that we can drink the Lord as the living water of life. And this matter of eating, drinking, and breathing, it must go on day by day. This matter of our eating, drinking, and breathing the Lord, continuously, day by day, will grow with the growth of God. How does He dispense Himself more into us? Through our eating, drinking, and breathing of Him...It is so good. In the morning, you would spend time eating the word of God, musing on the word of God, speaking the word of God, even converting some of the word you’ve been musing on into prayer. This is our eating, drinking, and even breathing in of the Lord.

When we consider the building up of the Body of Christ, it is a matter of life. Life is a matter of dispensing. So we start with Eph. 4:4-6. In verse 4 we have one Body and one Spirit. How does the one Body come into existence? What is the reality of the one Body of Christ? It is the one Spirit. Today, we are the Body of Christ. What is our basis for saying that we are the Body of Christ? It is the Spirit. It is only the Spirit. The essence of the Body is the Spirit. No Spirit, no Body. Well, the Triune God went through those steps so that today as the Spirit He can be in us. He can be in us, the members of Christ, to be the reality of the Body of Christ. So we have the Spirit not just upon us but in us.

How are we brought into a union with the Lord? Through our faith and through our baptism. How do we even have faith? It is Him! Him dispensed into us. When someone comes to us with the gospel, something within us says, I want to believe! I receive that! Along with our faith is our baptism, that is to be put to His death, to be separated from all the negative things. So we need to experience the reality of this faith and baptism every day...Every day, through our faith, we need to realize that we are in a union with the Lord. When you wake up in the morning, do you have the realization that the Lord is with you? With a meal prepared. “Here I am, as the bread.”

Everything in your life is the best it can be for the divine dispensing. Have you gotten to this [realization] yet? One day my wife was being difficult, my kids were being difficult. “Lord, I am here trying to live a life of receiving Your dispensing!” He said, “That is exactly what you need for Me to dispense Myself into you.” Everything is the best that it could be for me to receive the divine dispensing...The problem is, I am too busy whining and complaining. I need to open my mouth in another way, “Lord, I need You, fill me, fill me with more of Yourself.” The Father knows you better than you know yourself.

He is working through all the environments and situations. The Son is in us. And we know that in Eph. 3:17, He is in us wanting to make home in our hearts. In sense, the Son has passed through us, through our inner being, and is wanting to work Himself into all those parts.

This Spirit is moving within us, anointing us, watering us, feeding us, satisfying us, strengthening us, comforting us, saturating us, permeating us. This equals the dispensing.So, when we spend time with the Lord we should sense the Spirit within us, in a most present way, watering, strengthening, comforting, saturating, permeating. We should not think that the Spirit’s work within us is something extraordinary, or spectacular, day by day. This is somewhat Pentecostal kind of view, powerful, dynamic every day. Perhaps all of us had those experiences of the Lord, doing something quite dynamic within us. And we can’t help but get the thought...It should be “ka-pow!” But that is not the reality in our experience. So we need to stop expecting something spectacular each time day by day. Rather, we should learn to be satisfied with the ordinary way in which we are being filled with the Triune God through our regular and normal practices in the divine dispensing. Whether we are having a good day or a bad day. So regardless of the day, good or bad, we just have these regular, normal practices of bringing ourselves to contacting the Lord to be under the divine dispensing, and deep within, there is this very normal, somewhat ordinary, sense...It is nothing extraordinary. Neither is it zero, nothing. If you have the experience of nothing, you need to come before the Lord.

Can you be satisfied...?

Then our destiny. It is our destiny to live an ordinary life in the divine dispensing. Can you accept that destiny?

Remaining five minutes, Ephesians chapter 4. We need to see the divine dispensing. Verses 7-10. We see death, resurrecting, ascending...
Reading:
	-	His redemption is not just a matter of redeeming us from sin; it is even more a matter of redeeming us into God Himself, into His very divine element.
	-	...remains "wet," the Spirit continually saturates and permeates us until our entire being—spirit, soul, and body—is sealed.
	-	Each day, if we would answer the Lord's call by saying, "Here am I, send me," we would be the Lord's sent ones, His apostles.
	-	To preach the gospel in the way of authority is to be a proper sent one, an apostle.
	-	To preach the gospel according to the New Testament is to distribute Christ in His authority.
	-	Our problem is that we often do not act on what the Lord has given us.
	-	We also are apostles to those whom we lead to believe and be baptized.
	-	...stewardship was for dispensing.
	-	We go to minister the unsearchable riches of Christ directly into people.
	-	Minister Christ.
	-	The stewardship of the grace of God is for the constituting of the church, through the dispensing of the unsearchable riches of Christ, to make the multifarious wisdom of God known to the rulers and the authorities in the heavenlies, according to God's eternal purpose made in Christ.
	-	By the increase of the material, there will be something with which to build the church.
	-	For Christ to make His home in our hearts means that He is able to spread Himself into our mind, emotion, will, and conscience. In this way Christ will occupy our entire inner being.
	-	The glory of God is just the expression of what God is in all of His divine attributes. These attributes include love, light, power, patience, and mercy. The expression of God in His attributes is His splendor.
	-	...Spirit is not only their life but also their power.
	-	With the Father's strengthening and the Spirit's empowering, the Son has the ground, the opportunity, to enlarge Himself in our inner being.
	-	Faith enables us to realize Christ, and love enables us to enjoy Him.
	-	To know the knowledge-surpassing love of Christ is to realize that Christ is everything to us.
	-	We are filled with the dispensing of the unsearchable riches of Christ as the embodiment of the Triune God to such an extent that we are filled unto all the fullness of the Triune God. This fullness is the expression of God, and this expression is the Body of Christ, the organism of the Triune God.

Prophecy:
God’s economy is His household administration to dispense Himself in Christ into His chosen people that He may have a household to express Him, which is the church, the Body of Christ. According to Ephesians 1, the Triune God Himself has taken the first step by choosing us and predestinating us, redeeming us, and sealing us, thus dispensing Himself into us. However, His economy does not stop there. In Ephesians 3:2, Paul writes of, “the stewardship of the grace of God which was given to [him] for [us].” This economy of God, when it came to Paul, became his stewardship. And this stewardship, according to verse 8, was to dispense the unsearchable riches of Christ for the constituting of the church for the fulfillment of God’s purpose in His economy. In the same way, when we present ourselves to the Lord, He will be able to send us as His apostles to announce, minister, and dispense the unsearchable riches of Christ for the building up of the church as the Body of Christ, thus accomplishing His economy.

9/5/2019
DHo
608
Eph. 3:2, 16, 17. It is not that your outer man should always be so strong. Through this kind of healthy endeavor, we really can become persons strong in spirit. Of course the main burden for this class is hear from you. And the brothers exercise to respond and address the key points. It is really dependent on what comes out in the sharing. So your crucial is very crucial. We touch breath and then we touch depth. The breath is very much in this book.  We will go deep in to Galatians in the second half of this term. You have to take this very seriously. It may very well be the case that you come to this reading once in your life time. Some of the things that you read in the training, of course you may get in the morning revival here and there, but it is very possible that what we read today, what we share on, maybe the only time for years or decades you will touch in this way. So a particular seeing of the Lord...This is very, very important. One thing I would like to do for few minutes...write down your understanding, or definition of stewardship. Write out your definition of this stewardship:

Stewardship is God in His economy reaching us through dispensing, and flowing out through us as channels to be dispensed into others with the goal to build up the church as the Body of Christ, the fullness of Christ, which, eventually, will be all the fullness of God.

1 Cor. 4:1-2. One of the key verses on stewardship. I look at it all the time. It just resonates. What is the main responsibility of a steward? Faithful. Be faithful to share what the Lord has given you. Vv. 3-4. “He who examines me is the Lord.”

[Sharing]

We can speak, minister. But we have to stop and pour out our being in prayer to the Triune God (as Paul did in chapter 3).
8/29/2019
JLee
501
The economy of God has to become a controlling vision. We should not be little a matter like this that is so seemingly commonly taught among us. On one hand it is not too difficult to understand. This has to become a controlling vision to us to direct the rest of your Christian life. Br. Lee talked about the different layers. This is a great Christian country, years of doctrine…human beings are flooded with all the different concepts, teachings.

…We know that God loves. That is a superficial level. Why does God loves us? God’s goal is to work Himself into man…that He can make His home in our heart. It is one thing for Him to be in us. But another thing for Him to dwell in us, to make home in us. God’s economy is in this realm, not in the realm of just merely God being merciful to man, being kind to man, loving to man…This [God’s economy] has to penetrate to the depth of our being. This is what my burden is.

Many dear, even seeking, Christians are affected by just what is right and wrong (the tree of knowledge of good and evil…in the midst of…how much Christ has been wrought into us? Both being holy and being God’s sons shows that something from God has to come into us. Holy is the word that is attributed to God Himself alone. Only God Himself is holy. Only He is holy.

We have been born of God. We are God’s truly begotten sons. God’s life has been imparted into us. Something of God has come into our being. God the Father’s life, His nature, has been imparted into us. And God the Son also had to do something because the very ones whom God had chosen and predestinated…most central work in Christ’s redemptive work is that we have been transferred into Him…Now, in the new creation, through Christ’s redemptive work, we have been transferred to another person. Now we are person who are in Christ. In Christ means in Him as a sphere, as a realm, and also with Him as an element. As believers we are in Christ. We have Christ as the element that constitutes us to become something precious…we become something so precious to God, becoming God’s treasure, becoming God’s inheritance. Then God the Spirit came also to seal us, to identify as God’s possession. There is a seal bearing God’s image, with God’s essence…to saturate, to permeate our being with the essence of God the Spirit. Through the Triune God’s accomplish, the Father’s choosing and predestinating and the Son’s redemptive work, the Spirit’s sealing and pledging, the Triune God has dispensed Himself into us. We are not merely cleansed, justified. Something of the Triune God has been imparted into us. This is God’s dispensing. Not only that, the very Triune God, we are told that, He as a power now is transmitting Himself into us continuously. There is a continual, constant transmission. This is to those who believe. Through this transmission, we are constituted to be His church. The goal of God’s economy is for Him to gain the church. The church is what God desires to gain to be His corporate dwelling place. The church also is means through which God will manifest His multifarious wisdom to put His enemy to shame…The church as the Body of Christ is the goal of His economy. Dear saints, I know these are some what familiar things to us. But this has to be imparted deeply into our being…we would not be distracted by all the superficial things. Our concern is that, “Lord, at the end of the day, how much were you able to dispense Yourself into me?”…This is what God wants to the point that this Triune God who has this marvelous economy has imparted Himself into us, mingled Himself with us. I hope you do not only gain some knowledge of the truth…I hope you would gain much of God. The content of God has to increase in us. The power that raise Him from the dead, that seated Him in the heavenlies. Such a power is also being transmitted to us. It is to the church to constitute us to be His Body, the fullness of Him. In God’s economy, God wants to work Himself into us. In what way? It is through the way of death and resurrection. The process of eating involves digestion, assimilation. Man has to eat every day. At least three meals a day. He needs to partake of something, receive something. This is God’s desire, God’s ordained principle of human existence…we have to receive God’s feeding, God’s supply…how will you be brought unto maturity? You need to eat every day. Christian life is not a kind of once for all…Rather, you have now started a journey, a pathway, a journey of eating God, enjoying Him, moment by moment. It is through the eating. Now, this eating, not involves just taking in something outside of you. It involves a breaking down. God’s economy and His dispensing is carried out through the process of His death and resurrection. Even with Christ, when He was on the earth, He lived a life of death and resurrection. And praise the Lord, as we are shown, there is a power that operated in Christ in raising from the dead. God allowed Him to pass through death, destined Him to pass through death. As believers we are not afraid of death. Even the psychological death, spiritual death. God allows us to pass through all these death situations. But praise the Lord for the resurrection life. There is a transcending power. Now the same power is operating in us! That is why I appreciate Paul’s proper in Ephesians 3. “Grant us to be…with power.” What power? The same power…that will subdue all things under our feet and made us Head with Him in the heavenlies. We need a power. So the process of God’s dispensing in His economy is carried out through death and resurrection. As we pass through all the death situation, we experience His resurrection power. This morning, in my morning revival, I was enjoying Philippians 3. “That I may know Him and the power of His resurrection, and the fellowship of His sufferings, being conformed to His death.” Even in such a verse, the dispensing of God is there. How would Paul know God? [^] Every day we need to allow the death of Christ…to operate is us so that our receiving of Christ can be confirmed, strengthened, established. Otherwise I am afraid our receiving of Christ may be superficial. In one sense you have eaten something of Christ. After you have pray-read that verse, how much have you allowed that verse to operate in you? To kill what it needs to kill? The word that you pray-read has to carry out a slaying, a killing, in us. It is through the operation of His resurrection power that the Triune God is further dispensed in a secure way. To be dispensed, constituted, built up into our very being. So we are seeing, this morning, God has a wonderful economy. It is a mystery, as you see. It is something that is not easily understood. Adam, Abraham, David, they did not see what this mystery was. This economy of God was hidden in Him for ages. Now in the New Testament, this is now made known to us. God wants to impart Himself into man and to mingle with man to become one with man. And the process He takes to do this is through His death and resurrection. Eating is wonderful but it has to involve the process of breaking down…so that what we received can securely be built into our being, become our fiber…The Triune God also desires to be dispensed into us in such a way…for His corporate expression.
8/22/2019
CBirchler
God’s Eternal Economy.
Do you know an adequate definition of God’s economy? Perhaps it became too [common] to you…Why we have such a class. A trainee asked me one time, How and why were the classes [arranged in this way?] We have to come to Ephesians 3:9, which reveals to us there was something hidden in God’s heart. Not even angels knew. Then God, because there was something hidden non His heart, God began to create. And through creation He brought man into existence. But for the first 4000 years of man being on the earth, still, what was in God’s heart was hidden to man. Then one day, God made that which was hidden in His heart known to man. At the right time it was revealed. God raised up Saul of Tarsus, who became Paul, one give New Testament complete the word of God. He saw the revelation of God’s economy. He is his writing uses the word economy. He is the one who received the revelation of God’s economy. He is the one who uses this word because he received the revelation. And as you read through Paul’s epistles, we see that what he wrote was altogether in line according to God’s economy. He tells us that his ministry is to enlighten all that they may see. See what? The economy of the mystery. Here you are, in the training, what are we burdened for with the truth classes? That you would see God’s economy. This is a matter of revelation. This is a matter of having something revealed to you. It is a matter of our seeing. It is not merely in the realm of knowing. “Yes, I know the word, economy. You told me many times the Greek word.” But have you seen it? Have you seen the revelation of God’s economy? Have you seen it to the extent that it is your living? And it is your service? If you see God’s economy, it will affect your living. And it will be your service. It will be how you serve the Lord. I know many of you came. You have a heart to be useful to the Lord, a heart to serve the Lord. Relatives, friends, who don’t understand where you are…“Oh, you want to be a minister…” That is their thought. If you are going to be a minister, what is your ministry? What is it that you minister to others? It must be God’s economy. So this class is needed for two years to unveil us. It will include our concepts, religious thoughts. God had His economy and it was hidden in His heart…then through Paul, the revelation of this mystery, God’s economy, was made known to man. Now we know. A history of the church, a group of people to whom this revelation of God’s economy have been made known. We know there was an apostasy, falling away from the truth. In that…the matter of God’s economy was lost. Then God has been faithfully recovering…and the top recovery is recovering back the revelation of God’s economy. There are many dear Christians on the earth today that this matter is hidden to them. They are veiled. They don’t see it. Many of us, we are also veiled. We don’t quite see it…we may be able to explain the Greek word…But if we look at our living, our service, there is not much of God’s economy there. So, this revelation was made known. We even know that right away, in the first century of the church, there was the coming of the apostasy, the falling away from the central truth that God gave His people. We need to consider. Here is Paul, who got the revelation of God’s economy, who was faithful to write in his epistles, the revelation of the mystery of God’s economy, that we too would see this. And here he has to write to Timothy. “You must stay in Ephesus. It is important, it is critical, crucial, I exhort you…because something is going on there. Something is going on in the church. Certain ones are starting to teach something different than God’s economy. They are starting to teach things not according to God’s economy. And these ones, their teaching of something other than God’s economy produces a tragic result. So you can go back to those verses. We can read it a little bit. And let us see the tragic result of…not teaching God’s economy.

Yes, my goal this morning…is to inspire you…and make it the top priority in your study.

“…have turned to vain talkings.” Do you see the tragic issue? You will cause the saints to question and to have love that is not out of good conscience, unfeigned faith. Questionings and no love. And then it continues. This misaiming, having something else as the aim, the goal of your Christian life, your church life, and there is a turning aside to vain things. This is the tragic issue of God’s economy but rather teach other things. We don’t want any of you to end up in this tragedy…So, God’s economy, we have to underscore, the central line of the divine revelation. The main point, the focal point of the divine revelation. It is the divine revelation. There are many things that God reveals through His word, the Bible, but there is something central, something that should be the focal point. And that is God’s economy. And this central line, once you see it, you see it run all the way from Genesis to Revelation. You can open any book and see God’s economy. It is there. It is there is Genesis. It is there in Revelation. The first two chapters, the last two chapters of the Bible. Once you see the central matter, you will realize it is there, everywhere. Don’t we all know Gen. 1:26? But as we get into it…God made man in a shape of a vessel. What is a container for? A vessel for? If you are going to shape a container, what shape will you make it? God made man in His image. He wants to be the content of that vessel.

The Triune God and His Word. Where do we get the revelation of God’s economy? This economy was hidden in God. One day He made it known through His word. When we consider the Triune God, we have to consider Him as one who has an economy. Why did He give us His word? To make known His economy. The Full Ministry…and the Spirit classes are to help us see how God is [working out His economy]. Experience of Christ as life. That is our experience of living in God’s economy. The Body of Christ, that is the issue, the result of God’s economy…which will consummate in the New Jerusalem. This (CYPC, God-ordained way) is our stewardship, our being involved in the working out of God’s economy.

We need to see it 3:9, we need to teach it. We need to teach people God’s economy, God’s arrangements, what God is doing. Then, in Ephesians 3:2, God on His side has His economy, arrangement, then on our side when we see and enter into this arrangement, this will produce in us a stewardship. We have a responsibility and that will cause us now to have a ministry. What is our stewardship, our ministry? To dispense the Triune God into others. Then in verse 10, “In order that now to the rulers and the authorities…” God’s economy is according to God’s wisdom…Do you know God’s wisdom? Then you must know God’s economy because it is in God’s economy that God’s wisdom is made known. What a class, huh?

	I.	An economy is an arrangement for getting things done.- Nice and simple right? We have this arrangement. For our life…service, we need to know this arrangement.
	II.	God’s economy is God’s household arrangement, God’s household administrative arrangement.- Here is a revelation, God wants a household. He wants family. He wants folks. If that is what He wants He needs a way to get it. Eventually this household, we will see, it is full of sons. How does God get sons? What is the way to become a son of God? There is only one way. If you think it is by good works, you will never be son of God.
	III.	God’s economy is God’s planned administration to carry out His eternal purpose.
	IV.	God’s economy is God’s distribution of Himself in Christ in faith.- Dispensing. What is God doing in His arrangement? He is dispensing. He is dispensing Himself into man. That is God’s economy; God dispensing Himself into man. And this dispensing, it takes place in the realm, the sphere of faith. Can you see God’s dispensing this morning? Did you see God’s dispensing? I didn’t see it but I was participating in it. When I woke up, I jumped right in. But it is altogether in a realm, a sphere of faith.- Paul warned…What about the millennial kingdom? What about the reward and punishment? Aren’t they in the Bible? They are. But if you make them the center, a lot of question. But instead of trying to sit there how does it work, just be in God’s economy. Open yourself to it, participate in it. What about fruit bearing? Shouldn't we bear fruit? What about sanctification?…And this is all by faith. You need to believe it. We need to focus on God’s economy.
	V.	God’s economy is God’s plan to dispense Himself into His chosen, predestinated, and redeemed people as their life, their life supply, and their everything.- He chose some! He redeemed us! What is the redeeming for? For the dispensing of Himself as life, life supply, and everything. Eph. 1. John 10:10.
	VI.	God’s economy is God’s household administration to dispense the divine riches of the Triune God as life and life supply to His chosen and redeemed people.- The divine riches…Dispensing what? The unsearchable riches of Christ into the Gentiles.
	VII.	God’s economy is the arrangement of the eternal plan of God’s household administration.
	VIII.- Eph. 1:9-10. It is in this book [concerning the Body of Christ], is where Paul uses the word ‘economy’ three times. With God’s economy, you have the matter of being God’s good pleasure, will, and purpose. Good pleasure is referring to within God’s heart. Something within God’s heart became His good pleasure. It pleased to Him to the extent that God willed to get that which pleases Him. God’s will is His good pleasure. So God has a purpose. What is that purpose? His intent to get His desire (will), His good pleasure. In that counsel He made an arrangement. In the Divine Trinity an arrangement was made…for Him to get what He purposed. You get into God’s heart, God’s desire, God’s will and God’s purpose. No wonder it produces a stewardship in you, where now you are not free to do what you want.
	IX.	- John 6:48; 10:9; Eph. 3:8; 1 Cor. 5:7. In our eating of Christ, is He limited? No, He is unsearchable. Keep eating Christ! Why did bread come down out of heaven? For you to marvel at it? Luke 2:12. You see God’s economy. You see it everywhere. You see God’s economy is the manifestation of God’s wisdom. God’s economy, His arrangement, His plan, His way, so that He can dispense Himself into man. The key, the root of God’s dispensing is to dispense Himself as food into man that man would eat Him. God was revealing, “I want you to eat Me as life.” Then, we know, the next major step He took in the working out of His economy in His wisdom is incarnation. Have you seen incarnation in the light of God’s economy? In the light of man wanting to dispense Himself as food into man? There, in the step of incarnation, God took a major step of dispensing. God dispensed Himself into a man. Who is that man? Jesus! Don’t stop there. Why is He dispensing in this major step…? He has a goal so that He can dispense Himself into many men as food. Maybe your view is limited…He put on humanity to die and redeem us. But that is too short. Don’t forget, what is His goal? To dispense Himself as food. Even that one that He dispensed Himself into, Jesus, He is laying in a manger. It is a feeding…for cattle. God took a major step in His economy so that you can eat Him, He can be food to you. So this one, laying there on the major, almost like, “Eat Me!” Did He not say these very things in John 6? The same origin as the word John 10:9. The hay in manger came from the pasture. What a wonderful picture! God’s economy, God’s dispensing, it is from this word, ‘pasture.’ In John 10 we are described as sheep, who need to eat. Then the root of this word goes back to the parceling out of food. Giving food out in parcels. The origin is connected to the pasture, food. And the root of this Greek word goes back to the word that goes to “parceling out food.” What is God’s economy? It is His arrangement to parcel out food. What is the parcel of food that He is giving out? It is Himself. Himself in Christ as the Spirit coming to us as food. You want a stewardship, a ministry? What should it be? Don’t think it is to give yourself to Christian charity. We need to go to all the countries and give out food, but not physical food. What does all humanity need? They need Christ as their food. All of humanity, on every continent, every country. Who is going to go? Are you going to go? And when you go, what are you bringing them? Let’s bring them food.
	X.	God’s economy is that we eat Christ and become constituted with Christ—John 6:57.
	XI.	The economy of God is the Triune God working Himself into us, the tripartite men, He desires to be mans’ life, content, and complete supply that man would become God’s expression and representation.
	XII.	God’s economy is to work Himself as the Triune God into us, the tripartite men, that we would have His life and nature to become the sons of God and the members of Christ to be constituted the Body of Christ, which is the church, the expression of Christ.- Memorize this definition.
	XIII.
	XIV.

1 Tim. 1:4^3 [1]  The Greek word means household law, implying distribution (the base of this word is of the same origin as that for pasture in John 10:9, implying a distribution of the pasture to the flock). It denotes a household management, a household administration, a household government, and, derivatively, a dispensation, a plan, or an economy for administration (distribution); hence, it is also a household economy. God’s economy in faith is His household economy, His household administration (cf. note 101 in Eph. 1; Eph. 3:9), which is to dispense Himself in Christ into His chosen people that He may have a house to express Himself, which house is the church (3:15), the Body of Christ. The apostle’s ministry was centered on this economy of God (Col. 1:25; 1 Cor. 9:17), whereas the different teachings of the dissenting ones were used by God’s enemy to distract His people from this economy. In the administration and shepherding of a local church, this divine economy must be made fully clear to the saints.
5/14/2019
RKangas
784

Sharing:
	-	…our prayers are from this Person. This is the divine prayer.
	-	Change our prayer to divine facts.

Two things: Proper and honorable way to respond to and receive the word that is being ministered either in speaking or you are reading something. Other concerns the nature of truth and our handling of it. Concerning the first matter, I read this from Acts 17. Now, Paul was driven out of Thessalonica by religionists, not by pagan. He went to Berea. Verse 11, “Now, these people were more noble than the Thessalonians, for they received the word with all eagerness, examining the Scriptures daily to see whether these things were so.” So here we see that how we receive and respond to the ministered word is determined by our person. The religious ones in Thessalonica has been shaped by their religiosity. They could not recognize the Lord’s speaking. Rather, they attacked it. But these people in Berea are noble. That is quite of a significant word. Γαρ—‘for.’ What characterized them noble was their receiving the word with all eagerness. They gladly receive the word…then examine the Scriptures daily to see whether these things were so. We have encountered, over the decades, religious people misusing this verse in two ways. They are self-deceived, they think they are being Berean. They hear something and search the Scripture trying to find a counterexample. Well, the devil will help you (he quoted the Scripture to fight Jesus). He will help you because our motive is to fight. This is from the religious opposers. That is an improper use of the word. Another category is those who are skeptical. It is their person, their being, that is skeptical. Yes, something is coming but they don’t receive it eagerly…because they are skeptical, when they search the Scriptures, they themselves are the criteria. The self is the center, the self is the measure. “I will determine.” Bereans are not blind. They can tell this is a wonderful news. And they did the most noble thing. “We want the assurance that these are from Scriptures. I want to see not whether these things are wrong but whether these things are so.” Again, they were classified as more noble. An illustration from a long ago. In 1968, a faithful translator among us under Br. Lee’s oversight was translating Watchman Nee’s book, The Glorious Church. One night the brothers felt to read the book on the portion of the man-child in Rev. 12. Br. Nee has a substantial section about this. And as the brothers were reading and we were listening with our mind, heart, and spirit, we were actively listening. And we were astounded and amazed and uplifted by the realization this is the truth. This is the right interpretation of this. Our spirit knows. The Lord in our spirit knows. We just gladly receive it. Then we can go back to reread Revelation 12. Then study the book for ourselves once it is in print. Then we have the assurance. Now, the religious people, they think they are being spiritual when they say, “I gotta check this in the Scriptures.” They outsmarted themselves in John 7. “Search the Scriptures, the Messiah doesn’t come from Galilee…” They were correct but they were blind that the Lord was born in Bethlehem…You see, how the religious use of the Scripture can defraud yourself. You have to be careful [from] making yourself the center, the criteria. When you were in university, taking a particular class, and the speaker was speaking from knowledge and experiment, were you basically skeptical? I don’t know, I want to do this experiment myself. We are not following blindly. No. Bereans were noble. They eagerly accepted it. But they didn’t end there. And it should be like that with us also. Then we search the Scriptures. Then we can teach it not because so-and-so said it but because the Bible said it. We are not ashamed to say who we learned from. But go to the word and it is confirmed. No, the woman is not Mary the mother of Jesus, not Israel. The woman refers to something else. And for your future, I would like to read something that I wrote some years ago on the Absoluteness of the Truth.:
	1.	The divine truth is absolute. The truth itself is un-negotiable, unchanging, absolute. And we must be absolute for the truth. And it will be tested. I know some who has been in the Lord’s recovery for ~50 years who has failed on this test (holding truth as absolute). So we have to be absolute for the truth. Br. Nee makes this point, “To be absolute for the truth means to set aside feelings, to ignore personal relationships, and to not stand for the self.” So what can happen is, your personal feelings come in and you say, “No, that makes me uncomfortable, my feeling is not so positive.” As an illustration from the world system, several weeks ago when some people from Central America was approaching the border, many were denying that it doesn’t exist. Then when they reached the border, they were violent (there were videos). One woman said, I don’t believe that. I don’t want to know the facts because I have the concept that this is political delusion. Some will resist the kingdom truth because they don’t want to pay the price. Some dear pastors (we are not trying to proselytize them) heard the truth about one ground and one church. But they and their wife, mostly the wife, could not give up the status of being a minister’s wife. Proverb, “Buy the truth and sell it not.” There is a price. The truth is the unique standard. And we need to stand on the side of the truth to stand against the self. The truth is against the self. Yes, my brother, you may not be an overcomer. You may be in outer darkness. The Lord may say to you “worker of lawlessness.” Oh, I don’t want to hear this, I am going to heaven. Okay, end of conversation. The self can do this. The truth is not something absolute for us, we do not know God or God’s word. If we are not absolute for the truth, we will sacrifice God’s truth for ourselves or for our desires. Here is an illustration. I share this in principle because it has happened many times. It concerns the nature of the marriage relationship and the grounds for divorce and the conditions under which a divorced person may marry again. We are governed by the principle that the Lord established in Matthew 19. He said, “But I say to you, whoever divorces his wife except for fornication and marries another commits adultery.” So a man divorces his wife, no ground because there is no adultery. And marries another, he commits adultery. That is the word. But I know situations where a divorced sister or brother divorces without ground. And one of them falls in love with someone and get remarried. They fellowship with the elders. They say, “What you do is your choice. But we cannot and will not endorse this marriage because it is contrary to the word.” But let’s say an elder says, “My daughter is an exception because she is my daughter.” He has just sacrificed the truth. We don’t follow blindly but our spirit knows. Your spirit will know. Let’s say a brother makes a mistake in his speaking, you will also know. Just like eating the chicken. You don’t eat the bone, the feather. You eat the meat. When you get a bone, you are not shocked, you set aside. You can discern. What we receive, we can confirm by the word itself. This is to be noble.
	2.	Recognize the absoluteness of the truth. This is Br. Nee’s testimony unto death. Unwavering, uncompromising.

I.
He took the loaves and fish and looked to heaven. Just that action, before he did anything was a message, “I am His Son, I look to the source, I am not the source.” We don’t know how He was praying inwardly, I believe it was, “Father, You are the source, should I do this? You are the source of blessing.” So He looked up to heaven and blessed them because He realized His ministry in every aspect is under the Father’s blessing. Then in turn what He did He blesses. I recommend a prayer for you that you would just pray from time to time, “Lord, after the training, for my whole life, whatever I do, whomever I marry, wherever I go, I pray that everything will be under your blessing. I don’t want to do anything without your blessing.” So I know a sister, divorced, has no ground to remarry, married a brother who loves her. But I cannot bless that wedding meeting. I am not going to curse…But that is apart from the blessing of the Triune God, the blessing of the Body. That is not the way you want to take. The source is from God…I can do nothing out from myself. The self is not the source of anything. There are only two things in our experience: God the Father and our self. Our self involves the enemy of God. Matt. 16, the Father was the source to give Peter the revelation concerning who Jesus was. Satan was the source of Peter’s expressed opinion opposing the Lord. So this matter of source determines outcome. If the source is wrong, the outcome will never be right. Matt. 15, the Lord Jesus says, every plant which my heavenly Father has not planted will be uprooted. There will be a time…where everything will be uprooted and removed. When you have feelings about something, don’t be afraid. Then bring that to the Lord. Lord, is this from You or is this from me? If it is from You, work it out. If it is from me, terminate it in Your own way. All the prayers originate from God. Tonight there will be prayer meetings. Will all the prayers originate from God?

2.
Revealing His person.

B.
1.
The deepest experiences in our life with the Lord are private. You need to seek the Lord to train you, to teach you, how to have a private life with Him. Or, throughout your whole life you will be shallow; shallow, outward Christian. Yes, you are fully involved, doing this and that with the saints. When are you alone with the Lord privately? When you are alone, what do you do? I asked the Lord, “Please, show me how to be with You…” I want to contact the person (not just be in the ritual). Don’t make a vow that you will do this and that. Just present yourself to the Lord and ask Him to train you.

Matt. 21:18-22; Mark 11:20-24. “Have faith in God.” So He is connected. What He spoke and what happened to the fig tree. Verse 24. This is the central verse. “You have received them, and you will have them.”

V.
He didn’t do something to make a display. He was carrying out God’s will. He then was teaching His disciples to pray to execute God’s will. The enemy set a barrier. God wants you to deal with that by certain kind of prayer. It is God’s will to remove it. You realize that in your fellowship with Him. When the Lord spoke to the fig tree, He knew that it was already withered. Here He defines “have faith in God.” Hope is related to the future. Faith is related to something that has been accomplished in the past. And so, a little experience, 1974, I was applying for the city of Detroit, good environment, good position…the interview went well. But due to some reason there was the delay. and this verse came to mind. I was praying that I would get the job…then the Lord stopped that kind of prayer. Then He prayed the faith to pray, “Lord, thank You, I have the job.” And then I had it…But you can’t go around and speak to the mountain, the cloud, the atmosphere. No, the Lord doesn’t want you to do this. You have to be one with the Lord, know what His will is, and now you are praying with the faith He gives. And as you are praying, you believe you have already received it. Now, when the Lord brings us more and more into the prayer of authority and the prayer of warfare, we will need exactly this kind of prayer. Instead of crying out to God, “Lord, this situation is terrible, please do something.” The throne has already decided. The decision is already made. Then we pray in the way of addressing the fig tree, the mountain, the frustration. “No, Lord, You are going to open Munich, open Germany…the enemy’s day is done.” We are not praying, “Please bind the bad one.” He says, “He is already bound. You bind.” The context is the vital group of two or three companions in the Lord’s name absolutely in harmony. This is the kind of prayer that is exhibited in Mark 11 and supported by Matthew 21. This is a new view. You don’t have to get into it this afternoon. For 24 and a half years I joined others in traveling so much of the earth, ministering in conferences and trainings…How can we do this, I am not a young man? A part of the answer is that the sisters pray for us. Without the prayer of the Body we do not have the supply, the energy, the protection. These prayers not only bring in the supply. They can limit the enemy and deal with him…The brothers the same. No doubt, the apostles prayed and ministered the word. But for some reason when Peter was in prison, after Andrew has been killed, the church prayed fervently. I don’t believe they were begging. I believe they were praying fervently, “Lord, this is not the way Peter will die, we deal with the enemy…” When Peter got out, he went to Mary’s house because when Mary has a prayer meeting in her house, the heavens and the earth will be shaken… “I have received it!” And you will receive it. Then we can release the Lord to do on earth whatever He has decided to do on the throne. We will be the channel for Him to carry out whatever He wants to do…we will be one with Him, the man of prayer, because He is reproducing Himself in us as man of prayer and the enemy will suffer a great loss and God will be glorified…

5/18/2019
Reading:
	-	In Matthew 11:29 the Lord told the disciples that they needed to learn from Him, indicating that He was their pattern.
	-	Looking up to heaven indicates that He was looking up to His Father in heaven. This indicates that He realized the source of the blessing was not Him. He was the sent One. The sent One should not be the source of blessing. The sending One, the Father, should be the source of blessing.
	-	Being one with the Lord and trusting in Him mean everything in our ministry. The blessing comes only by our being one with the Lord and trusting in Him.

	I.	
	II.	The divine facts in the mystical human life of the first God-man in the record of the synoptic Gospels concerning the first God-man as the King-Savior in the kingdom of the heavens, the Slave-Savior in God’s gospel service, and the Man-Savior in God’s salvation:
	A.	
	B.	
	C.	
	D.	
	E.	In the performing of the miracle of feeding five thousand people with five loaves and two fish, He trained His disciples to learn from Him (Matt. 11:29) that:
	1.	Before performing the miracle, He took the five loaves and two fish, looked up to heaven (indicating that He looked up to His Father in heaven), and blessed them (Matt. 14:19), indicating that:
	a)	As the Son on earth sent by the Father in heaven, He was one with the Father, trusting in the Father—John 10:30.
	b)	He did not do anything from Himself—John 5:19.- cross.
	c)	He did not seek His own will but the will of Him who sent Him—John 5:30b.
	d)	He did not seek His own glory but the glory of the Father who sent Him—John 7:18.- We should not think that we are absolutely not ambitious in this way. We are all fallen descendants of Adam and sick of the same disease, the same sin.- If we are going to be used for the Lord always in His recovery, our self has to be denied, our purpose has to be rejected, and our ambition must be given up.
	2.	After performing the miracle, He went up to the mountain privately to pray (Matt. 14:23; cf. Luke 6:12), indicating that:
	a)	He did not remain in the issue of the miracle with the crowds but went away from them privately to be with the Father on the mountain in prayer.-  To be with the Father, on the mountain, and in prayer; we need to get to a higher level, separated from the crowd, to be with the Father privately and secretly to have intimate fellowship with Him.
	b)	He might ask the Father to bless all those who had participated in the enjoyment of the issue of the miracle:
	(1)	That they would not be satisfied with the food which perishes;
	(2)	But that they should seek for the food which abides unto eternal life;
	(3)	And recognize that He was not only the Son of Man but also the Son of God:
	(a)	Who was sent and sealed by the Father,
	(b)	And who could give them the eternal life—John 6:27; 3:34.
	c)	He might receive of the Father some instruction concerning how to take care of the five thousand people fed by His miracle.
	F.	
	G.	
	H.	
	I.	
	J.	In cursing the fig tree so that it instantly dried up, the first God-man taught His disciples how to pray by faith—Matt. 21:18-22; Mark 11:20-24:
	1.	The first God-man’s teaching here was according to God’s will to be accomplished for the fulfillment of His economy:- What is the real will of God that we have to carry out? It is to take care of the producing and building up of God’s organism, which is the Body of Christ that will consummate the New Jerusalem.
	a)	The fig tree is a symbol of the nation of Israel (Jer. 24:2, 5, 8).
	b)	The nation of Israel lost her capacity in fulfilling God’s economy because of her rottenness.
	c)	Because their condition of not bearing fruit but having only leaves still remained after the first God-man’s ministry among them, God intended to give them up— Matt. 21:33-43.
	d)	At this juncture, the first God-man cursed her to dry up, according to God’s will in fulfilling His economy—Matt. 21:19.
	2.	Based upon this background, the first God-man taught His disciples to pray for executing God’s will according to His economy by faith— Matt. 21:21-22.
	3.	Thus, the praying one could have faith in God without doubting, but believing that he had received what he asked for, and he would have it—Mark 11:24.- We must first be the right persons before God, persons who are one with God. Then we can have God as our faith and pray according to our knowledge of God’s will for the fulfillment of His economy.
	K.	In prophesying that the returned Israel in the future will suffer the great tribulation, the first God-man taught them here how to flee by prayer— Matt. 24:15-22:
	1.	They should ask God that their flight may not be in winter nor on a Sabbath—v. 20.
	2.	They should believe that God is the One who controls the weather and the surrounding environment.
	L.	In His prayer in Gethsemane before He was arrested, judged, and sentenced to be crucified, He prayed and taught His disciples to learn from Him how to pray—Matt. 26:20-30, 36-46:
	1.	After the Feast of the Passover He taught His disciples how to remember Him by breaking the bread and drinking the cup—vv. 20, 26-29.
	2.	He was burdened to go to Gethsemane, a quiet place, deep in the night, with His disciples, to pray—vv. 30, 36.
	3.	He took Peter, John, and James aside and began to be sorrowful and deeply distressed, saying to them, “My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even to death,” and asking them to remain there and watch with Him—vv. 37-38:
	a)	He went forward a little, fell on His face, and prayed, saying, “My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from Me; yet not as I will, but as You will”—v. 39.
	b)	He went away a second time and prayed, saying, “My Father, if this cannot pass away unless I drink it, Your will be done”—v. 42.
	c)	He left them and went away again and prayed a third time, saying the same word again—v. 44.
	4.	The first God-man’s prayer here, like all His prayers in the synoptic Gospels, was prayed by Him in His humanity; this prayer here, made by Him when He was exceedingly sorrowful and deeply distressed, corresponds with the one in Paul’s writing in Hebrews 5:7 in which He offered up both petitions and supplications with strong crying and tears, asking God to save Him out of death.- He was willing to do that in His divinity. But in His humanity, He was sorrowful.
	5.	This prayer was after Christ’s prayer in John 17 as the conclusion of His divine teaching in John 14—16 concerning the union, mingling, and incorporation of the processed and consummated Triune God with His chosen and redeemed people, which was prayed in Christ’s divinity. (We will cover this prayer in the summer training on the Crystallization-study of the Gospel of John.)
6/25/2019
RKangas
542
The blood of Jesus, the Son of God, is the foundation of our life with the Lord and the primary weapon in dealing with the enemy. So we need to be permanently constituted with certain basic…concerning the blood of Jesus, the Son of God. And I learned a prayer that virtually every day I would pray something like this, “Lord, apply Your blood in my behalf according to Your evaluation of it.” Then also, “Lord, apply the blood to me according to Your understanding of its power, wroth, value, authority, and effectiveness.” Only God fully appreciates the effectiveness, the efficacy, and the power of the blood of Jesus poured out for us. The enemy knows this defeats him…You could receive, initially, an injection concerning indescribably crucial matter. And how this matter affects you will determine the outcome of your life longterm. Graduating from the training doesn’t guarantee anything. It lays a foundation. Just before I go through the outline, those who have been texting me in the last few weeks and only those who have texted me in the last few weeks and possibly having a time in this week, please text me again if we haven’t set a day and time yet. So we begin with a mysterious verse from Acts 20:28, where Paul, having summoned the elders from Ephesus to him and shared the final word to him, he pointed out to him their primary responsibility as overseers and elders. And we know from Hebrews 13 that the leading ones and the elders will be evaluated by the Son of Man according to the degree to which they carried out the primary function of an overseer, elder, to shepherd the flock of God. That is what they are there for primarily. Paul refers to the church, which He, that is God, obtained through His own blood. And we believe that Paul’s primary reasons for doing this is to convey to these brothers a sense that was in Paul regarding the preciousness of the church to God. So as they are shepherding, they realize they are caring for something exceedingly precious to God, “because He purchased the church, He obtained it, through His own blood.” So we should have seeking questions when we read this verse because He is referring to God, not to Jesus directly. And the pronoun ‘He’ refers to God. And ‘His’ refer to God. “His own blood.” How can Paul say this? Why did He say this? God is Spirit. This is a fundamental truth. How can God, who is Spirit, have blood? Only created animals and human beings have blood. Nevertheless Paul says this. So we need to trace the thought in the New Testament to arrive at an accurate understanding of why he says God’s blood and how this is going to be a primary matter in our daily life with the Lord and defeat the enemy who accuses the brothers day and night, it is constant. The overcomers overcome by the blood. That is the first item. They know how to apply it, they have faith in it, they know it satisfies God’s requirements, they know that it defeats the enemy, that it purifies conscience. The Greek word translated, “obtained,” also means acquired, or purchased. Let’s say I had a certain work of art and that I went to this auction they have in London and I paid $810 million. First of all you would want to see the object. But you would be more concerned of why I would pay that much of money? That says about the person, the values of the person. God paid the maximal price to obtain the church. Now we begin to trace the thought. Through incarnation, our God, the Creator, the eternal one, became mingled with man. As a result, He was no longer only God. He was a God-man. In the Godhead He remains God, pure Spirit. But God in the incarnation is God-man. So right away we can anticipate the answer because man has blood. There must be a connection between Paul saying, “His own blood,” and the fact that the Old Testament says, “the life is in the blood,” human life. The God-man had blood and was able to die for us. So Hebrews 9 tells us, “Without the shedding of blood, there is no forgiveness of sins.” If God forgave sins without the shedding of blood (signifying someone dying to carry out the righteous judgment), God would be contrary to His nature, His kingdom would be shaken. The Lord is also the Son of God, even God Himself. With His blood, there is the element of divinity. The divine element ensures the eternal efficacy of His blood. Suppose Jesus died for us out of love for He was only a sinless godly spiritual man. How could we, two thousand years later, benefit from that experientially? Because everything involved with the man dying is temporal and spacial, there is no eternal efficacy to any created thing. And there must be an unlimited, eternal efficacy if we are to apply it thousands, millions, eventually, of believers, day by day to be our reality. What is the means by which we do this? So as a man He had genuine human blood. And as God He has the element that gives His blood eternal efficacy. This brings us to a central verse 1 John 1:7. “But if we walk in the light as He [God] is in the light, we have fellowship with one another and the blood of Jesus, His Son, cleanses us from every sin.” John, who wrote the Gospel of the God-Savior, who had a profound, deep experience and knowledge of God, He wrote in this way. Not just “the blood of Jesus,” only but, “the blood of Jesus, God’s Son.” The blood and the efficacy of the blood are combined. Now, in a way I do not want to adjust and certainly not correct the way you are praying…“Lord we apply Your blood.” There is nothing wrong with that. Please don’t cease praying that. But we are not required to do that because something is happening spontaneously. If we are in the light, therefore whatever God wants to expose and infuse, He can do it. So our walking is in the light, our living is in the light, now we are having fellowship with one another. Now we are having that fellowship, the blood of Jesus, God’s Son, is continually cleansing us from every sin. Whether you ask for it or not…cleanses us from every sin. This may sound unnecessary, but for penetration and for constitution, it is not. The verse does not say, “most sins.” Doesn’t say, “sins you confess,” “sins you remember.” It says, “every sin.” Now we know that in verse 9…we are confessing that God points out to us because this particular matter is hindering fellowship. So we confess. And the Greek word for confess is ‘homo-legeo.’ It means to speak the same thing. Same things as what? When the Lord inwardly shows, “Your attitude was wrong, you were rash in your responsibility,” then spontaneously you would respond, “Yes, Lord, I was that.” That is confess. This is confess in light. This kind of confession fosters growth in life. All of us begin the same way. We confess according to knowledge that our conscience has. This is where we start. That gives us peace in conscience but doesn’t issue in life. So there is the eternal efficacy of the blood of Jesus, God’s Son, operating in us; we should be assured, we should believe the word. I don’t have to go and engage in spiritual speed…don’t need to go inward and search out things. What will be dealt with then (judgment seat) is the sin that we were aware of but did not deal with. This is a little side bar. For a reason this will come forth…In Matthew 12 the Lord cast out demon. The religionists said, “You did it by Beelzebub,” “You are one with Satan.” They called the Spirit of God satanic. That is the blaspheme against the Holy Spirit. If you blaspheme against the Father, the Son will come…if you blaspheme against the Son, the Spirit will come and enlighten you. Then the Lord goes onto talk about all of our talking, all of our speaking. “By the abundance of the heart…” I am just referring to Christians and especially the brothers and sisters in the recovery who, because you are up-to-date, use social media, text, email, you have Facebook. Many use false names. We need to realize, every word, every word, spoken, written, forwarded to others, if in the eyes of the Lord is vain and idle, there will be judgment. How much more the words that are violent and evil? We have to agree with His powerful, righteous word. But we don’t have to turn inward and try to search out everything. You simply come to the Lord and inquire Him. “Is there anything along this line that I need to clear up?” This is my heart. Then just don’t worry if light comes…you will know what to do. You may have to send followup text and emails. You may have to close down a part of your site. You may have to adjust your Facebook account. The blood of Jesus, God’s Son, is continually cleansing. So you don’t need to search for thoughts, words, actions, feelings, imaginations. This is self-perfecting. There is no end to this. Simply believe that God who gave His Son, who poured out His blood for the remission of sins will faithfully take care of us. You just positively turn your heart to Him, seek Him, love light, come to the light, don’t fear the brighter light that is in fellowship, and spontaneously you may realize something, spontaneously the blood washes you, if you need to confess, spontaneously you confess. Because God is faithful and righteous to cleanse us from our all unrighteousness. This is a judicial matter involving righteousness. The blood of Jesus, His Son, has already been shed for this sin that you are aware of. Because the price has already been paid, God must forgive you and cleanse you. Otherwise He is not righteous because He already accepted the sacrificial death of His Son.
D. 3.
The Lord will never be weary. No, there is no limit. Eternal efficacy. Our Husband, starting with the overcomers being in the wedding feast, culminating the eternal New Jerusalem, is the Lamb. It is not revealed, I don’t know; we are married to Him, living here for a while. That is all our Husband has to do, to lift up His arms, we burst in tears, in adoration…What a Husband we have. We are marrying God as God. We are marrying the Lamb whose blood was shed for us. What a Husband. He is going to say, “What a wife!” It is going to be mutual. I know a little bit what that is like. The Lord bless you all with that mutuality.
c.
See, the Bible is like puzzle pieces. And when we learn to put them together we see a picture. Hebrews, 1 John, Rom. 3, Rev. 12:11…there will be a vision that will govern you. No matter what your failure is, there will be another category. Some take the way of overt rebellion. They will eventually, governmentally forgiven of that. But may have now ventured into and are now participating in the greatest and worst sin. And I was astounded when I was studying Br. Nee’s ministry on this. He speaks about the manifestations of rebellion. And the first manifestation, he mentions, is words. He uses the word, “reviling.” As I am standing here, reviling words are circulating. Br. Nee says reviling is the greatest sin because it is a repetition of satanic rebellion. It is the expression of the spirit of rebellion. But even that, dispensationally, will be forgiven, to the extent to which I know, our history along a certain line there has been a number of turmoils. I am not hiding our history. In Taipei, Taiwan, in U.S. twice. We know only one brother who was recovered from participating in that. He was different from the others because he had a life with the Lord and he responded to the light. But even that is not the blasphemy against the Spirit…this is still the age of grace. The blood of Jesus cleanses from every sin.
So this one page outline is the interpretation of the phrase, “His own blood.” We acknowledge that…This is the basis of everything. The blood has been shed. The sins are forgiven. Every day I start this way. I may tell the Lord, because I am in a certain stage in life, certain things are happening, but, “How do I go on? How do I pursue You?” But I know, I start with the eternal efficacious blood of the God-man Jesus. And apply Him as the reality of the offerings. Then we have the right to enter into the Holy of Holies and then we are able to communicate with the Lord on the lid of the expiatory cover.
We will sing a wonderful, powerful hymn on spiritual warfare carried out by the blood of Jesus. #889.
The intrinsic significance of the Numbers to the essence of the Bible(?). The winter training in message one set the direction when it was pointed out when Numbers refers to the numbering of those who have received the age of twenty that were eligible to be formed into the army of God. And that army is necessary for two main reasons. The fact that all the tents of the people of Israel were facing the Tent of Meeting is that these people protect God’s interest on earth. God’s name would be sanctified on the earth. And then, even more, according to as is recorded in Numbers, the Lord needs to move and recover to earth from the usurping hand of the enemy. He as the right to it. He created the earth. The Lord redeemed the earth. The enemy has no legal ground to occupy persons and parts of the earth. So the move of the children of Israel was the move of an army. So this sounded the note at the start. Then, the last message at the summer training, the conclusion, because we will go on to something else, shows us that by the end of Numbers 27, God’s people have been formed into an army, ready to move. And by that time it was made clear that Moses will not enter the good land. He did not represent God. He actually rebelled against God one time. And that for him was sin unto death. And he died at the word of the Lord in the age of 120. His eye sight was not dim, in perfect health. But of course he will be more than victorious in the sight of God. And then there was the transfer of the leadership to Joshua, who was accompanied by Caleb, who are the only two we know that came out of Egypt and went into the good land to fight. The army is composed of the second generation of the Israelites. They were all born in the wilderness at various times. And this will come out at the very end of this training. And yes, the second generation will be the army that their [formers] failed to be…to be the temple… But lest we fall into the snare of agism, we have to understand the spiritual significance positively. This will give you a fresh realization and appreciation for God’s causing you to be born when you were born and where to be part of the present human generation on the earth and the Lord’s recovery, because this army was formed because all the experiences of the previous generation, all they went through, all they experienced, all they learned, was just poured into them, like Isaac’s wealth was being fully given to Isaac. This gives you a positive way to viewing to whole book. And there were drastic experiences that the first generation had. And there was unspeakably serious errors they made. They can be in their tent, perhaps, and ask, “What was like in the Egypt? Tell us about how God dealt with Pharaoh…how you rejoiced in the Lord’s victory. What was it like to drink water from the rock? What did you learn from Korah’s rebellion?” And so the younger generations had experiences themselves as they were maturing there, reaching the age of twenty. They were enriched, qualified, perfected in everywhere, simply by receiving all that their forefathers experienced. And this is you. How blessed you are. But I think you will appreciate the fact that there will still be some older warriors around. Joshua is no young fellow. Caleb, as he said, after combat, “I am 85, I am as strong as ever. Joshua, give me my portion.” And giants are there. He is the one said, earlier, “Let’s go, they are our food, they are our bread.” There will be, I would say, a full development of what is involved with reaching the spiritual age of twenty. And how do we get there spiritually? It is more than obvious. The teenage years are over. You are on the verge of young adulthood. You are entering into the stage of maturity which will go on from one level to another. None of the coworkers has the maturity that Br. Lee had. It is a developing matter. But we need to be clear that the spiritual warfare is only carried out by those who have entered the fourth stage of the experience of life, which, we can say, is the maturing stage. The third stage climaxes with a transformation to a high degree. Spontaneously entering into the fourth stage. The first thing in the fourth stage is knowing the Body, in life, not in truth. That life (with which we are regenerated) is the life of the Body. Yet it is impossible for us to be truly conscious of the Body. If one is truly conscious of the Body, they can sense problems thousands of miles away. So our spirit, in which is the life of the Body, is surrounded by our soul and body. I reasonably certain that everyone who will be on this platform in four days will already be entering into this stage (third stage). You can save ten years of wasted wander because you can absorb all the experiences of those who went ahead of you. Dealing with the flesh, self, and natural constitution. When these are dealt with sufficiently, spontaneously the consciousness of the Body…emerges in our consciousness. The sense that we never had before; and we can truly suffer with those who suffer, weep with those who weep, rejoice with those who are rejoicing, and everything is revolutionized. Personal and deepening relationship with the Lord. We are persons directly contacting the Lord but we are members…You only have to be twenty, not 47, 89. You don’t have to be as mature as Joshua or Caleb. Just twenty. That is as normal as it can be. Then there will be the portion of that message in which the outline points out that what we are doing is actually carrying out the work of God as referred to in Glorious Church. And the work of God is the second aspect of God’s purpose in creating us (the first is that we express Him); based upon this expression the Lord gives us the dominion to subdue the earth, to recover the earth. This is the work of God that will cause Satan to lose ground on the earth. The earth will be gained fully when the Lord comes back. But in this age the enemy must suffer very serious loss. And I’m going to read to you from the Glorious Church, from the paragraph… “We must distinguish the difference between the work of saving souls and the work of God. Many times the work of saving souls is not necessarily the work of God. Saving souls solves the problem of man, but the work of God requires that man exercise authority to have dominion over all things created by Him. God needs an authority in His creation, and He has chosen man to be that authority. If we were here just for ourselves as mere men, then all our seeking and longing would be to love the Lord more and to be more holy, more zealous, and save more souls. All of these pursuits are good indeed, but they are too man-centered. These things are concerned simply with the benefit of man; God's work and God's need are entirely neglected. We must see that God has His need. We are on this earth not merely for man's need but even more for God's need. Thank God that He has committed the ministry of reconciliation to us, but even if we have saved all the souls in the whole world, we have not yet accomplished God's work or satisfied God's requirement. Here is something called God's work, God's need. When God created man, He spoke of what He needed. He revealed His need to have man rule and reign over all His creation and proclaim His triumph. Ruling for God is not a small thing; it is a great matter. God needs men whom He can trust and who will not fail Him. This is God's work, and this is what God desires to obtain.
We do not lightly esteem the work of gospel preaching, but if all our work is just preaching the gospel and saving souls, we are not causing Satan to suffer fatal loss. If man has not restored the earth from the hand of Satan, he has not yet achieved God's purpose in creating him. Saving souls is often only for the welfare of man, but dealing with Satan is for the benefit of God. Saving souls solves man's need, but dealing with Satan satisfies God's need.” 1968. I read it with the Lord. I was very young in the recovery, less than two years. But I made a decision that you will see and permanently changed my life. It set the direction of my life. “Brothers and sisters, this requires us to pay a price. We know how the demons can speak. A demon once said, "Jesus I know of, and with Paul I am acquainted; but who are you?" (Acts 19:15). When a demon meets us, will he flee or not? Preaching the gospel demands that we pay a price, but a much greater price must be paid to deal with Satan.
This is not a matter of a message or a teaching. This requires our practice, and the price is extremely great. If we are to be men whom God will use to overthrow all of Satan's work and authority, we must obey the Lord completely and absolutely! In doing other work it matters less if we preserve ourselves a little, but when dealing with Satan, we cannot leave one bit of ground for ourselves. We may hold on to something of ourselves in our study of the Scriptures, in preaching the gospel, in helping the church or the brothers, but when we are dealing with Satan, self must be utterly abandoned. Satan will never be moved by us if self is preserved. May God open our eyes to see that His purpose demands that we be wholly and absolutely for Him. A double-minded person can never deal with Satan. May God speak this word to our hearts.” So the Lord cover me, what was the decision I made? I didn’t make a promise. We cannot work that out (e.g. “Lord, I give myself to deal with my self.”). Just consider this. I only know about Seal Training third or fourth hand. But that is probably the most rigorous training…It is incredible. But how long? Even for Seal 6. Not a year, certainly not 5 years. But I’ve been in this training for 50 years with no regrets. I am no hero. We just want to be faithful to the purpose for which we were created. Thanks to the faithfulness of Br. Nee. It is not to stir up people…Few years ago we presented the burden of the Europe. Three hundred consecrated to go to Europe. No one went. This isn’t what the Lord needs. This is a thoughtful matter. No one should be pushed, in any way manipulated. I wish I heard this ten years before. You just see, when Br. Nee says it is a very great price, he paid it. Because it may be, this is up to the Lord, not to me, to some saints, He might just say, just remain a civilian. We need a civilian support. When you can’t do [something], it doesn’t means you are defeated. It is just not your portion…You take this way and the training will be thorough. You tell the Lord, “I don’t want [You to] hold anything back.” The deeper is your peace, the richer is your joy, you grow in life, your prayers eventually become power and authority. Maybe this sufficient. Another crucial matter; there will be a message on authority, rebellion, God’s way of vindicating His authority, and of representing God as a deputy authority in a proper way. Authority, absolutely with God. Rebellion of Satan and the spirit of rebellion in every human being. Then we will study the instances of rebellion in Numbers. Then we will see the budding rod, resurrection, is God’s vindication of His authority. There is no election. If the rod is budding, then you are part of the representation of God. And we will see, Moses, again and again representing God faithfully. But his failure was costly. And we learn from his failure. So we are balanced. On the one hand we yield to God’s authority, respect…But when a representative has a failure, don’t touch it, don’t tell me about it. God will deal with it directly. He is not a respecter of persons. The army will be formed and you will see this. The army will be in one accord. And underlying all of this is a prayer and a burden. “Lord, raise up such an army. When we are in one accord, then You can move wherever you want to go.” Tomorrow night we conclude our series. We will be again in Revelation. Having this imparted in you…prepare more and more inwardly to receive whatever the Lord wants to speak to each one of you personally…Hallelujah, hallelujah, amen.



5/31/2019
ALi
244
610

JPrim
Today we only have these two points. Two big points. If we want to experience God, if we want to experience Christ, then we need to know what the Spirit is to God and what the Spirit is to Christ. Then we can experience God and experience Christ. John 4:24. Ezek. 37. John 3:6. [God abides with us as the Spirit. The name of the Spirit is Emmanuel]. Romans 5:5. We are filled with joy and peace that you may abound in hope in the power of the Holy Spirit. Sometimes we need to be filled with hope. Well, turn to your spirit…

ALi
We spent most of this term seeing what the Spirit is to us. But we also need to see what the Spirit is to God and what the Spirit is to Christ because on the one hand it is not all about us. The Triune God, yes, has now become our all. But we need to know what the Spirit is to God, what the Spirit is to Christ because what the Spirit is to God and what the Spirit is to Christ is ultimately to us. Isn’t it good that God reaches us and reaches us as the Spirit. As He does, what does He do? He makes this person Christ, the Son, real to us. He does this, again, as the Spirit. We have to see that what the Spirit is to Christ is necessary for us to experience, to enjoy and to realize. Now in relation to man, we see who the Triune God. All that God is reaching us as the Spirit. All that Christ is being realized as the Spirit. Not only is the Spirit the essence of God, it is also the essence of Christ, of His divine being. This is monumental for us to see because what the Spirit is to Christ is the essence of His divine being. But we have to realize, we don’t want to miss this. What the Spirit is to Christ, are you a God-man? What the Spirit is to Christ refers to the divine essence of Christ. In His resurrection Christ was designated the Son of God. This Spirit is also now in our spirit. The Spirit is to Christ is the divine essence through resurrection. This man, Jesus Christ, was brought into divinity through the Spirit of holiness. This same Spirit is now indwelling us. The divinity saturated humanity. This is what the Spirit is to Christ, which is now in us. Divinity saturated humanity, uplifted humanity into the divine sonship. If you don’t see this, pray to see this. This is the mingling. We can spend the whole class in this point.

These things needs to be revealed to us in spirit. Are things real to you? Is Christ not real to you? It is because you are in the wrong part. 1 Cor. 2:9-10. Our spirit is more necessary than our mind. When our entire being becomes one with God through our loving Him in an intimate fellowship, He shows us in our spirit through His Spirit all that Christ is as our portion. The spirit of man, our spirit, is the deepest part. And it has the faculty to penetrate the innermost parts of man. Only the Spirit of God can know the deep things of God. We have to realize that the Spirit is to Christ to make Christ real to us, to be realized by us. The Spirit makes Christ real. The Spirit is also the reality of the Spirit. Whenever we experience our spirit, we touch the reality.

The Spirit discloses to us…

5/24/2019
JPrim
1122

ALi
We cannot miss the Spirit. This is something that has been missing for centuries. If we sit here and choose to be in our selves and not exercise the deepest part of our being that is life, then we are just in degradation. Your spirit is life. And it is a shame if we cover all these 83 functions of the Spirit and we don’t touch life. The functions of the Spirit is what the Spirit is to was, will do, wants to do. But if we are not open, the Spirit can’t do anything. Please don’t just be here sleeping (physically or psychologically). Eph. 3:5(?) Arise!

The verses show how the Spirit functions. The ministry allows us to realize, enjoy, and experience what are in the verses and apply to our situation. For this we need to exercise our spirit. “O Lord my spirit!” This is the universal spirit. The Spirit witnessing with our spirit. 1 Thes. 1:5. He wants the speak. He just needs our cooperation. A little here, a little there. Grocery store, gas station, waiting in line. There is the Spirit as the one preaching the gospel in us. But we need to cooperate. How many times have I not cooperated with the Spirit. But He is the one preaching in our spirit. This preaching is not only in word but also in our living. There is a living that issues out of this Spirit who preaches the gospel. As we exercise to live by the Spirit, to walk by the Spirit, then this Spirit, who desires to preach the gospel, is in us even in our conduct, preaching. It has not been how many weeks in this term? 13-14. How much of that has (our conduct) been walking in the Spirit, allowing our living to be the preaching of the gospel? This point, we realize that there can be affliction, persecution. But we have the pattern of the apostles. Acts 5:40-41. This is the Spirit in us giving us joy. Don’t moan and groan. That is your self. Exercise your spirit. “Maintained my joy.” How? I think that is the Spirit giving joy in moments of afflictions and persecution. Booklet, Praising. Psalms have the highest praise. Psalms also have the most sufferings. “God wants people to know that the praising ones are who have been led through trying situations and feelings have been wounded. They come much more from those under discipline and trial…To become the praising persons before the Lord.” “The happiest persons are not always the ones who have the loudest praise. The loudest praise comes very often from the ones who are passing through hardships. This kind of praise is most pleasing to God and is blessed by Him. God does not want men to praise Him only when they are on the mountaintop surveying Canaan, the promised land. God desires much more to see His people writing psalms and praising Him when they ‘walk through the valley of the shadow of death’ (23:4). This is genuine praise.” “As you learn to praise, you will find that there are days in which you cannot gather yourself to praise. Perhaps you praised God seven times today, yesterday, and the day before. Perhaps you praised Him a week or a month ago. But one day you will find that you cannot utter a praise. On such days you are in pain, total darkness, or dire trouble. On such days you suffer misunderstanding and slander. You are busy shedding tears of self-pity. How can you praise God on such days? You cannot praise because you are wounded, suffering pain, and in difficulty. You feel that the most obvious response would be complaint rather than praise. You feel that the most obvious thing to do would be to murmur rather than give thanks. You do not feel like praising, and you have no intention to praise. You feel that praise is not suitable under this kind of circumstance and mood. At that very moment, you should remember that Jehovah’s throne has not changed, His name has not changed, and His glory has not changed. You should praise Him simply because He is worthy of praise. You should bless Him simply because He is worthy of all blessings. Although you are in the midst of difficulties, He is still worthy to be praised. Although you are in distress, you still have to praise Him. At that moment, your praise becomes a sacrifice of praise.” “God desires His children to praise Him in everything and through every situation.” This is the Spirit. The Spirit allows in our suffering, in our afflictions, in our circumstances, when there is no reason whatsoever. But the Spirit still gives us the way in praising God.

We always rejoice because there is this joy. And this joy springing up, this joy as the Spirit inspires us for prophecy. We need to be strong to speak. Also be careful ‘what’ you speak. Don’t allow your speaking to be unfruitful. I know where you are in the term. Don’t allow your conversations to be loose. Remember where you are. Remember who lives in your spirit. On one hand exercise to be one with the Spirit inspiring for prophecies. On the other hand exercise to [cooperate] with the Spirit who is speaking. Envying the believers for God. James 4:4-5. “Adulteresses.” It means that there is other loves. Who is the one that is jealous over our love? At this point of the term don’t let your heart be divided (whether with good things or bad things). Don’t love the end for your training. Don’t love your interim. There are other things that can replace the Lord.

JPrim
1 Peter, we have the sanctifying Spirit. Just to touch one application. This is the ones we are burned for. Praise the Lord, we have such a sanctifying Spirit. We have the Spirit carrying out the Father’s selection and the Son’s redemption. We are carrying out our New Testament priesthood of the gospel. We need to have the realization that the Spirit is there. It is functioning. So we have to pray. This Spirit can go where we cannot go. We may be burdened for someone on the another part of the earth. We can pray for the operation of the sanctifying of the Spirit. I was just considering, we’ve spending a lot of time getting into the Old Testament, Crystallization-studies…It is just amazing to see that all the words that were brought forth in the Old Testament regarding Christ (His death, glorification). Surely the Spirit of Christ was operating even in the Old Testament. How? The Spirit of Christ, the constituting of that Spirit was dispensational. This was through Christ’s incarnation and resurrection that the Spirit that was not yet became the Spirit of Christ. But the function is eternal. As Isaiah was writing this, the Spirit of Christ was witnessing. Amazing, what a functioning Spirit. The Spirit in 1 John. Wow. 1 John 3:24. The Spirit unto this point has not been mentioned in 1 John. It has been anonymously implied in the anointing. But actually the Spirit that is the all-inclusive, compound, life-giving Spirit, is the vital and crucial factor of all the mysteries revealed in his epistles. You have the divine life, the fellowship of the divine life, the divine anointing, the abiding in the Lord, the divine birth, the divine seed. It is by the Spirit that we are born of God, we receive the divine seed, we have the fellowship of the divine life, we are anointed with the Triune God, and that we abide in the Lord. This wonderful Spirit is given to us as the promised blessing of the New Testament…The Spirit with our spirit witnesses assuring that we are children of God. The Spirit He gave to us witnesses, affirms, that He abides in us…‘of’ is literally ‘out of.’ God has given to us ‘out of’ His Spirit. This proves that it is not just God giving us something of the Spirit but Spirit Himself…We should never have a doubt because we have the Spirit confirming this. ‘Ek.’ ‘Out from,’ and ‘to.’ That makes it outward oriented. Out from the source and extending its impact on the object. We are the object of impact of the immeasurable Spirit. You don’t want to pray religious prayers. We want to exercise to pray in the Holy Spirit, the prayer that brings us into God’s presence…that mingles…The Spirit is functioning to pray…The Spirit intercedes.
The sevenfold intensified Spirit:
	1.	Meeting the need
	2.	Trimming
	3.	Speaking
	4.	Making living
	5.	Burning
	6.	Executing
	7.	Enlightening
	8.	Judging
	9.	Stirring up
	10.	Motivating
	11.	Watching over
	12.	Observing
	13.	Searching
All with the power of God.
What a provision in this age of degradation. 4:5. This is a mercy to have the enlightening, burning, judging, and the stirring up…Also the seven eyes, running to and fro.
5/17/2019
267
1095

Questions:
Jesus is God!

[Special fellowship with the brothers from Ethiopia Others—>Others]
5/9/2019
Reading:

5/10/2019
MNiu
1119
1120
541
908 (learned)

If it is assigned, we should take it seriously. The real loser in the sense of suffering loss in you. You are not doing this to please me or the training. But how much you get out of the training depends on really how much you put into the training. You may or may not have gotten out of the training as much as you could have. Your reward is what you have obtained during your time in the training. What you are constituted with is what you take away. Even though we have ~4000 graduated from the training, I will tell you that some maybe as though they have been in the church life for 20 years, but some…as though only 2 years.

“…But also our own souls.” When we minister the Spirit, it is not the Spirit out there that we minister, but the Spirit that we have been constituted with. We are ministering our own souls that has been mingled, permeated, and saturated with the Spirit Himself. There is rarely an original thought. Every concept is usually based on something else. All plots out there are recycled plots. The Christ we minister is not a ‘miraculous’ Christ from out there somewhere. It is always that has been constituted into already. This is why the Corinthians became letters of Christ because Paul was inscribing the Spirit to them. But who were they expressing? Paul didn’t say letters of Paul but the letters of Christ, indicating that he was actually ministering Christ.

Three points on being the minister of Christ. As ministers of the new covenant, we are ministers of God’s word. It is one who dispenses God’s word. Just as in Acts 6 there are 7 deacons dispensing food to the church. The word ministering implies the serving, dispensing of food. What is food? God’s word. Because Christ is God’s word, to minister God’s food, we minister Christ. Some people can only serve with teaching, with doctrine. When they have finished teaching, others might have gained some teaching but are in the same condition as before. Teaching is good but it goes only so far. To be a good minister, we need to learn to minister and dispense Christ. We cannot separate this person (God) from the letter. If [you do], the Bible is not different than any other book. But if you are in another realm, then you can minister to others. 2 Cor. 5:16, “We who once knew Christ in flesh, we no longer no Him like that…” In order to minister Christ, we have to be those who minister the Spirit. That is why 2 Cor. 3:8 talks about having the ministry of the Spirit. It is not that the Spirit ministers. It is not that the Spirit is ministering to us. But it is the Spirit is being ministered by us. Emmaus. Luke 24. He was apparently teaching. But what was the disciples’ response? “Was not our hearts burning within us?…” Even while He was opening the Scriptures…that was something burning in their heart: that is the Spirit. That word we minister would living and burning in their being. Sixth grade conference: one of the six grade brothers said, “I don’t want to get baptized because this summer we are going on vacation and there are some bad things I want to do…” There is a difference between being cleansed within and having the Lord’s uplifted countenance. Don’t confuse forgiveness with Him being well-pleased with you. He may withhold His presence from you even for few weeks…Eventually we concluded, let’s present the word of God and read some verses. Afterwards he said, “I want to get baptized this Friday.” The word of God is living, operative. We may have the best teaching, reasoning, logic; but it ain’t the word of God. We just need to trust and minister this word of God. Then apostle Paul in 2 Corinthians takes about having this ministry (not teaching or gift). “I, Paul, became a minister of Christ Jesus.” Not a speaker, lecturer, teacher. Today, a popular concept of a minister is one who teaches. We are not a minister as a teacher but as a waiter. The real ministry is the ministry that ministers Christ as food to others. How is this ministry produced? It is an issue of revelation + suffering. Ministry issues from revelation plus suffering. Ministry = revelation + suffering. Without revelation there is simply nothing to minister. But without suffering there can be no ministry. You can have teaching, gift, but that is not ministry. There is a difference between teaching and ministry. Ministry is higher and deeper. Gift is superficial and costs little. If you have received revelation from God, He will be faithful to put you through certain circumstances of suffering in order that He can gain a ministry. Paul was like this. Paul not only had revelation but passed through an enormous amount of suffering. But of course revelation comes first. But when you receive that revelation, don’t be so quick, Paul wasn’t so quick, to go ahead and pass it on to someone else. Through experiences that revelation got wrought into his being. So what he ministered was his very being, his very soul. It is like a porcelain vase. You can paint a good picture on it but it can come off. Only when it passes through the oven will that picture be blazed, burned, into that vase. Once that painting has been burned into us, no one can erase it, it is something that we can minister. And the only way for that is suffering. No minister can avoid suffering. You may say, “I haven’t suffered much…” Because I don’t have that experience, should I shut up? Not speak? Question: Is it alright to speak things that we have not yet experienced? Br. Lee—Response: A great teacher once said a good minister speaks the things he has not yet experienced (is yet to experience). Paul wrote concerning glorification, which obviously he didn’t experience yet. John spoken on the New Jerusalem, which he saw yet not experienced. Ministering differs from teaching doctrine without life. They spoken beyond their experience yet what they spoke still ministered life. That causes the burning of our heart within.

In the training we have a lot of speaking (and in the church life). These are forms of ministering. But we need to be those who minister life.

The blessing of Abraham. The Spirit is a blessing. It really is a blessing. We are honored by the Spirit. And we have to realize that actually God is honored by the Spirit. There is a verse, I think it is in judges, maybe I will cover later, but it is the basis to say that the Spirit is how we honor God and man. The context of this is the all-inclusive Christ. The very last vegetable life, the consummation, is the olive tree with oil. The olive tree significance the Lord. Zech. 4:12-14. Two sons of oil. [Revelation]. The real Son of oil is Christ. He was the one full of the Spirit and was anointed with the Spirit of God, and with the oil of exultant joy. To be those that can bless others, honor others with the Spirit, we need to become duplications of Christ as sons of oil. Meaning that we need to be full of the Spirit. When we are filled with the Spirit, then what we minister—when people touch us, we should be oily brothers. Gossips…real dishonoring of one another. When we contact one another, we would  be honoring one another. Do not think that we can honor others with ourselves, with our natural life, knowledge. The only thing that honor others is the Spirit. The Spirit is the blessing. Then, how do we become the sons of oil? It is important that the olive tree is the last one, implying that you are enjoying all the previous ones: wheat, barley, vine, fig tree, pomegranates…when we are enjoying all the different aspects of Christ which is the all-inclusive Christ, death, resurrection, then we are automatically, spontaneously, filled with oil. Experience Christ in His all-inclusiveness. I don’t know of a better place where you can experience Christ as your wheat. What is wheat? It is the infinite God trapped in the shell of His humanity. Not only so, He was in a womb for 9 months. He knows what it means to be limited. His life is the life that knows how to be limited, restricted, stay within measure. We need to experience Christ as our resurrection. We despise our portion so much. “I am just a little boy (five loaves and two fish).” Feed five thousand. It is because he brought it into resurrection. When you experience Christ in this way you will be filled with the Spirit to be the sons of oil, ministering the Spirit as the blessing of Abraham to honor God and man.
5/3/2019
JPrim
He is so desiring to unveil these riches in the depth of God. So He wants to bring the Corinthians out of their mind to unveil (first) the things…that God has prepared.

“We would not present anything except the deep things of God…we hope that His Spirit would guide us into all His truths.” Watchman Nee, 1958.

ALi
The function of the Spirit is actually God acting. Stay open! When I say, ‘Jesus is Lord!’ it is He saying, ‘Jesus is Lord!’

Final Exam:
- Need to write down the references
4/5/2019
Reading:
	⁃	Prophesying is our speaking with the Spirit, in the Spirit, and through the Spirit. We cannot prophesy without the Spirit, and the Spirit cannot prophesy without us. Prophesying is carried out entirely in the principle of incarnation.
	⁃	The safest way to minister the Spirit is to speak the word of God.
	⁃	We need to experience the baptism in the Spirit that has already been accomplished on the Body. 
	⁃	The Spirit given to us by God is a living gift who is able to be with us livingly all the time.
	⁃	This person is the Spirit as a gift to us. His presence with us is especially striking in our times of trouble.
	⁃	We should experience the infilling of the Spirit constantly and unceasingly.

4/12/2019
ERomero
267
278
The Son with the Father by the Spirit (Gospels) —> The Spirit as the Son with the Father (Acts). The Son manifestly acting and the Spirit and the Father are operating within. As you move into the Acts and Epistles, it is the Spirit now who is manifestly acting (agent) with the Son and the Father operating within. What is the function of the Spirit? To transmit to us the reality of the Son who embodies the Father. So the function of the Spirit is to communicate to us, transmit to us, the reality of the Son, the bear to us, to infuse us, to apply to us, the reality of the Son. How do we this in the book of Acts? The Spirit is functioning to propagate the resurrected and ascended Christ. The Spirit is functioning there for the increase of Christ. Essential and economical aspects of the Spirit. John 20:21-22, the Lord breathed into the disciples. And He said, ‘receive the holy breath (pneuma, Spirit). This is the essential aspect of the Spirit for the believers’ being and living. This has been accomplished once for all. Acts 2, at the day of Pentecost…tongues as fire…they were all filled with the Holy Spirit. Here we have the economical aspect of the Spirit for ministry and work. Here we have two words for filling. The word filling is mentioned. Filled the house: inward filling (pleroo). They were all filled with the Holy Spirit; because they were in the house they were filled outwardly, because they were surrounded (pletho). This is the Jewish part of the Body of Christ expressing the baptism of the Holy Spirit which was the direction action of the Head to baptize the Jewish part of the Body of Christ in one Spirit into the Body of Christ. When we go to Acts 10, then we see the Gentile part of the Body of Christ being baptized in one Spirit into the Body of Christ. ‘While Peter was still speaking these words, the Holy Spirit fell upon those hearing his words…on the Gentiles, the gift of the Holy Spirit also have been poured out.’ This is the economical Spirit being poured out by the Head directly on the Gentile part of the Body of Christ. It is only in these two cases that the Bible speaks that this is the baptism in the Holy Spirit. These are the only two places. With the Jewish part and the Gentile part, the Head directly was poured out as the Spirit and was baptized directly in one Spirit the Jewish part and the Gentile part into the Body of Christ. Acts 1:5 and 11:16 confirm this. These two places it references directly that this is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. The baptism in the Spirit is an accomplished fact. How do we know that? 1 Cor. 12:13. We are included. ‘…we were all baptized into one Body.’ We have all been baptized in one Spirit into the Body of Christ. This is a fact. As we compare John 20 with Acts 2 and 10, we see a distinction of the essential Spirit, which is for our being and living, and the economical Spirit, which is for our ministry and our work. So the Spirit is likened to breath, or He is the breath, or the drink, for us to experience essentially. And the Spirit is likened to clothing (Luke 24:49). For ministry, for work, you need the economical Spirit. This is very important. And I hope that through the speaking there can be something put into you for your experience of the economical Spirit to be normalized, to be brought to normal. You can’t say, ‘I am so busy experiencing the essential Spirit that I cannot experience the economical Spirit.’ The pouring out of the Spirit, the pouring forth of the Spirit, was a tremendous action directly by the Head upon the members of His Body to baptize them in the Spirit into the one Body. This is the baptism in the Holy Spirit. Other cases…Through the laying on of hands for there to be the proper identification with the Head. You not only need to have a proper relationship with the Head, there also need the proper relatedness with the Body of Christ. We need both. 8:14-17—To prevent that there will be any feeling of independence, the Spirit sent forth Peter and John to lay their hands on these Samaritans for them to be brought into the proper identification with Christ. The Head withdrew, reserved the economical Spirit until there was the laying on of the hands because the Jews and Samaritans did not get along. So the Head withdrew, reserved…until there was the proper relationship and relatedness in the Body of Christ. So for us, the fact is that the baptism in the Holy Spirit is an accomplished fact. For us to experience the Spirit economically, we must be rightly related to the Body of Christ. Are you rightly related to the Body? Have hands been laid on you? Acts 19:1-7. Again, an extraordinary case. What is the third case? Paul himself. Everyone was scared of Paul. Acts 9:17-18. Paul also experienced the laying on of hands and then the Spirit being poured upon him. We have five cases here. Two of them are the baptism in the Holy Spirit. Acts 2—Jewish; Acts 10—Gentile. Then we have three extraordinary cases with Samaritans, Ephesians, and Paul, for which there was the need of the laying on of hands for the Spirit to be upon them economically. Was there laying on of hands in normal circumstances? Acts 4:8. Crystallization Study of Acts message 3. Very helpful in terms of us experiencing this accomplished fact…for our ministry and our work. So the baptism in the Holy Spirit is uniquely one and has been accomplished upon the Body of Christ once for all. Acts 1:5; 11:16; 1 Cor. 12:13. This is a fact, this has been accomplished once for all. But all of the experiences of the baptism in the Holy Spirit are numerous and are shared continually by the members of the Body who have a proper understanding and realization. So we need to have continual, constant, day by day, moment by moment, experiences of the economical filling of the Holy Spirit. There is no need for the Spirit to be poured out again. Just as there is no need for Christ to die on the cross again. Redemption has been accomplished once for us. Christ has died, has shed His blood. There is no need for Christ to die again. In the same way, the baptism in the Holy Spirit is an accomplished fact. There is no need for the Spirit to be poured out again. So the experiences of the baptism in the Holy Spirit, the filling of the economical Spirit for ministry and work needs to be constant…Three particular matters that will usher us into this experience:
	1.	We need to realize that the Lord has ascended and that He is the Lord and the Head over all things to the church. This needs to be a vision to us. Ephesians 1:21-22. Far above all rule and authority and power rand lordship. The first matter has to do with the Head. For us to see, realize, apprehend, that Christ is the Head; He is the Lord, He is the Head over all things to the church. If you see it, you believe it, you receive it.
	2.	The baptism of the Body in the Holy Spirit is an accomplished fact and now exists upon the Body ready for us to apply. This fact is a bequest given to us through the New Testament as a will. So this is a bequest in the New Testament. Because this is a fact, an accomplished fact, we must simply claim it. It is yours. The experience of the essential and economical Spirit is like a purchase of the two volume set. But we take one and leaves. So we come back for it. Do we need to pay for it again? No. What is missing? Are you rightly related to the Body?
	3.	Are you rightly related to the Body? We need to be right with the Body, to stand in the Body, to believe the will (the request), and take the baptism of the Holy Spirit by faith. If we are rightly related with the Body and are in proper identification with the Body, we will be brought into God’s economical move, one with the Head we will have the experience of the baptism in the Holy Spirit. If you are only concerned about rolling on the floor and speaking in tongues…you will not enter into it. But if you truly are related properly with the Body and you stand in the Body and you believe this request, you receive it, and you take this bequest and make it yours, you will be now in God’s economical move—you are preaching the gospel, shepherding, visiting new ones, passing out tracts, prophesying, speaking the word for ministry and the work. Now you have the right to claim the baptism in the Holy Spirit (the position and the right). Right you rightly related to the Body? Well, we’ve all been sent by the church. That would be an indicator that you are rightly related to the Body. You must continuously be related with your sending locality. Who sent you to that locality, that campus? Did you decide? You have been sent…Because of this sending, if we appropriate this baptism in the Holy Spirit, which is upon the Body, it is yours. Then as you enter into this understanding and realization that Christ is the Head, that the Body has been baptized in the Spirit, and you stand in the Body and are rightly related in the Body, you will experience the economical filling. You will experience the baptism in the Holy Spirit in a normal way. It is yours. It is your right. You have the position to have this experience constantly continually, and in a normal way.

I have to testify that this has really helped me over the years. Even will give you the boldness. And as you pray along this line you will be empowered. You will be supplied. You will receive the clothing of the Spirit outwardly for authority, for power, for ministry and work in addition to the infilling of the Spirit (which we also need). Then we will be in the continuation of Acts. The baptism doesn’t make you do funny things. This organically joins you to the Triune God.

Acts 1:8, ‘You shall receive power and the Holy Spirit comes upon you.’ The Spirit is actually the power. But what is the issue of that in the context of the book of Acts? It is that you would be a witness. A living witness bearing testimony of the resurrected and ascended Christ for His propagation. This is different from being preachers of doctrines and letters. So we need to be filled with the Spirit. In the Spirit is Christ’s death, Christ’s resurrection…as we live by the Spirit with all these elements compounded in the Spirit, then we are under the operation of the cross. Then under this killing power, our natural ability can be killed, our natural capacity can be killed and crucified. So we live by another life. So what is a witness? It is simply a martyr. Who is a martyr? One who is living by the Spirit and who then is under the operation of the death of Christ and who then become a witness living by another life. So we need to confess our sins, shortcomings, to be filled with the Spirit within. Then there also, as we experience all the time, we need to have a proper relationship with all of the members in our team as we are going out on the gospel. So if we don’t clear the offenses, we don’t ask for forgiveness, we don’t exercise to forgive, there is blockage. Time and time again, when we would go out on the gospel, this is the one lesson—you have to be one with all the members. When you are at the door and someone is speaking of the team, either you are criticizing (finding fault) or you can be praying. When you are criticizing, the flow stops. And time and time again we would confess, ask for forgiveness, it seems like the next door you knocked on, the people got saved, so open…time and time again…
4/4/2019
Questions:
	1.	
	2.	
	3.	Speaking the Words of God—John 3:34 says, “For He whom God has sent speaks the words of God, for He gives the Spirit not by measure.” Jesus, the Son of God, is the One whom the Father sent. As God’s sent One, He speaks the words of God. He speaks for God, and He gives the Spirit to us without measure. This indicates that the Lord’s speaking gives us the Spirit, that is, the Lord gives us the Spirit by speaking the words of God. The more we speak the words of God, the more of the Spirit we minister to others. Speaking the words of God is a sign that we have the Spirit to give to others. This corresponds with John 7:38-39, which indicates that the Spirit flows out of the believers as rivers of living water through their speaking of the Lord’s words. This is also fully proven in our meetings. If we do not prophesy, we quench the Spirit. The more we speak, the more the Spirit flows out. When we speak, the Spirit is with our speaking and flows out of us to supply others. How can we minister the Spirit to others? We need to speak the word of God.

	⁃	The One into whom we are baptized is so important because in baptism we are mingled with Him. To be baptized into the Spirit means that the Spirit mingles us with Himself. When the Spirit puts us into Himself, we are brought into an organic union with the Triune God.
	⁃	After this brooding, Jesus began to minister, and His ministry was always to produce life, to dispense life to all His contacts.
	⁃	The infilling is for the essence of life, and the outward filling is for the work.
	⁃	To overshadow is to cover and protect. Brooding is not for protection or covering but for producing life.
	⁃	The Holy Spirit is the totality of the loaves, the fish, and the egg. The Spirit brings the bread, the fish, and the egg to us. He is feeding us.
	⁃	The reality of all the divine things, such as transformation and conformation, is the Spirit.

4/5/2019
MNiu
1114
John 3:34. What we speak becomes the Spirit imparted into others.

	5.	Whatever we do, we should realize that that should be God’s speaking.

	6.	Announcing is something done publicly.

	10.Acts 2:2 (πληρώ); 4 (πλήθος). Inward vs outward filling.

	12.We have to realize that we are speaking for and forth the Lord in the prophesying meeting. This is to minister nothing but the Spirit.

	14.Πλήρεις (adjectival of πληρώ)

	20.John 3—being born of water and the Spirit. That is our initial born again. Titus 3:5—talks about the waters of regeneration and the renewing of the Holy Spirit. That is not referring to our initial regeneration.

	21.John 6. The blood is the life essence of the body. He was referring to His life essence. The words spoken to you are spirit and are life. We are speaking words. But those words have the life essence of the Spirit. Replace flesh with word, replace blood with Spirit. It makes total sense. Sometimes the Lord hid things in parables because it wasn’t given for everyone. He hid it from the wise and revealed to the foolish. I’m so glad that I am a fool.

22. The point here is ‘s.’ Rivers. Rivers of power, patience, self-control...flow out.

	26.‘Then they remembered what He said.’ That was the Spirit. This is going to be your experience after the training. The Spirit will teach you by reminding you...

	29.Leads and even guides us into the reality. Elsewhere Br. Lee distinguishes between leading and guiding. We need the Lord’s leading and guiding. But leading is considered more general. He leads you to a city. Guiding is more particular. It is to take you, when you arrive at the city, to take you to a specific address. We may experience that He is real. But the Spirit’s function in guiding us is in the details...that exact circumstance where He can be real. They are not real in just a general way. He is guiding us into being able to experience God in Christ with that specific circumstance. This is the matter of leading and guiding us into all the reality.
	30.John 1:18. That declaring is revealing. Yes, God is invisible. But because He has a Son we can see Him. Likewise, the Spirit unveils to us.

	32.The Holy Spirit is actually Christ Himself in pneumatized form. We need to be pneumatized by Christ, being filled with Christ. It is really frustrating to play handballs when it is half deflated. Even a basketball. Just frustrating to be half filled. So we need to be filled in spirit. All the way full.

Reading:
	⁃	The Spirit of God is actually the Spirit as God. The Spirit of Jehovah is the Spirit as Jehovah. The Spirit is God in action. When God does something, He does it as the Spirit.
	⁃	The record of God’s creation is actually a record of life-producing by the brooding of the Spirit. The brooding of the Spirit as God produced life for the fulfillment of God’s purpose.
	⁃	When we preach the gospel, the Spirit is brooding to produce life in the unbelievers.
	⁃	God’s striving with man implies His ruling in man.
	⁃	The Spirit filling man “in” these items means that the Spirit is these items. The filling Spirit that fills us is the Spirit as wisdom, knowledge, understanding, and skill. In the Old Testament, the people who were filled with the Spirit as wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and skill were the builders of the tabernacle.
	⁃	Even in the Old Testament, prophesying is the most needful function. To prophesy is to speak God, to speak for God, and to speak forth God. We have to learn how to speak God, to speak for God, and to speak forth God.
	⁃	Power is one of the many attributes of God. In the New Testament, the anointing brings us all of God’s attributes.
	⁃	The Spirit gives man wisdom and understanding, counsel and might, knowledge and the fear of Jehovah (Isa. 11:2).
	⁃	The outpouring of the Spirit is for the producing of life.
	⁃	It is not so easy for us to be gathered. But the Spirit as God is the gathering Spirit. He gathers man.
	⁃	Within our move to preach the gospel, there is an inner move. The outer move is ours, and the inner move is the Spirit’s.
	⁃	In His gracious action, God acts as the Spirit.

3/29/2019
MNiu
539
1113
The Spirit is really God in action. The Spirit of God is really God as the Spirit. When God wants to do something, He does something as the Spirit. The matter of the Spirit brooding, brooding over the surface of the deep...when God created the heavens and the earth, there was a lot of rejoining. ‘He does not create things void.’ Isa. 45:18.

Genesis: not an account of creation. It is a revelation of life. All these different kinds of life represent different levels of life in our Christian life. We always need to progress in life...further and further in our Christian life. It is one who prepares our hearts. Woman sweeping the room to find the lost coin. That Spirit sweeps, broods, prepares our heart not only for the initial receiving in life but the growth in life. Chickens are always active except when they are brooding. They don’t socialize even. They are brood. Why? They are hoping that by incubating, sitting on the eggs, they are going to produce some chicks. So the Spirit of God is brooding constantly to produce life. You may not think that He is not doing much; just sitting there. You may say, ‘What is going on? Why don’t you do something?’ He is doing something. He is doing noting, specifically so that He can produce life. Acts 2, what was produced was the church, the fulfillment of God’s eternal purpose.

Striving. It is actually ruling; the Spirit is ruling in us. But man became so corrupt that the Spirit could not rule in man anymore. We don’t want to lose God’s ruling. You never lose God’s ruling overnight. It occurs gradually. Even Br. Nee describes in a famous message called Leaking and Drifting. ‘You have to have your eyes fixed on Christ.’ He likeness to swimming in a river to a boat. If you just swim, without a goal, what will happen is that you will drift. There is only one way to drift, downward, with the flow of the current. The enemy’s strategy over years is just causing them to drift. You are in the church life. But no definite goal, no definite target. Eventually, over few years even that brother can become a murderer. The point is that we need to have definite goal in our Christian life. Not being satisfied with remaining in the same place. Oxen going around the mill. There is a lot of activity but we are going nowhere. Our Christian life can be like this. We have the morning revivals, go to meetings...but we don’t have a goal so as a result we don’t make progress. We need to be those who would not lose Christ’s ruling. So you have to be wary and watchful that he doesn’t wear you out.

‘Master builder.’ Exo. 31:3. In building the house of God, the tabernacle, it doesn’t start necessarily with the material. It starts with the workers. What kind of worker of the tabernacle builds God’s dwelling place? It is a worker that is filled in spirit, filled with the Spirit. Who is that? The Spirit can be manifested in that way (rawr, rawr...). But the Spirit is the all-inclusive Spirit. But when the Spirit is filling man, the Spirit is wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and skill. We need to be filled with the Spirit as all these items. There are differences between these four things. Life-study of Exodus 170. I can have knowledge about this suit, length (40-42 inch). Sometimes you can lose knowledge. That happens as the older you get. But you may eventually have some sort of knowledge but you may not have any understanding of how to make it. I may have the knowledge of all the dimensions. But I don’t have understanding of how all these become a suit. You may have knowledge. That is where it begins. But do you have the understanding? There is a difference between knowing a verse and understanding a verse. Moses received all the dimensions of the tabernacle. And he had the knowledge of it. But if he were to then present that knowledge to the children of Israel, they would have no way to build that because they weren’t filled with understanding. Understanding is the ability to draw conclusions from the knowledge. History, you may know a lot of knowledge. But it is not just about regurgitating facts. If the teacher asks, ‘What does this mean?’ I know this date and that. But what does that mean? What about wisdom? More than understanding. It includes understanding but it goes beyond (understanding includes knowledge). Wisdom is to take that understanding and apply it appropriately in a particular situation. You may understand the history of China and why things are so. But if you are able to take that understanding and come up with the policy to deal with the nation...Wisdom can only be obtained (of course the Spirit is the wisdom in this case) through experience. You can knowledge through study. You can gain some understanding through consideration. But wisdom requires experience. Don’t think you can ‘pass’ (like an exam) your way into the kingdom. To pass the test is far different than driving safe. You can sail through a driving (drivers’) test with flying color, but if you never drove a car, no one will get in the car with you. To build the house of God, which is one of the most noble endeavors, that a human being can be a part of, it is not easy. You can’t just have knowledge. You can’t be just a walking concordance. You can’t just be filled with doctrine. If you do, you can just end up killing others. You need to kind of know why the things are the way they are. You’ve taken the knowledge and drawn conclusions based on that knowledge to understand the situation. You may know a couple. You may know that they are having a trouble. But you may not understand the reason behind the turmoil. You my understand [their past experience]...and you need them to shepherd such a couple. But that is not good enough. Then you need wisdom to [actually] help this couple go on, in their marriage, in the church life. The real shortage in the churches these days is that (we have knowledge and understanding) there aren’t that many, quite honestly, that have wisdom. Not human wisdom. We are not marriage counselors. But the wisdom from experiencing the Spirit in variety of circumstances. One of the reasons why we don’t have wisdom is that (I wasn’t around necessarily way back in Elden Hall days, but from what I understand that in those days the saints interacted with one another quite a lot)...maybe it is today’s society. We have our little ‘silos.’ We don’t interact. There are more babysitters at homes so that the parents can go to the meetings as opposed to bringing the children to the meetings and have someone watch them their. We have our own little circles. We have limited interactions with the saints. We are not so much part to one another’s lives. The church life is not just church ‘meeting.’ How can we be members one of another if we don’t spend time together. Quite honestly many of the experiences are negative experiences. I develop wisdom not through success but through failures. But the wisest ones are the ones that failed the most...I was in a locality years ago where there is an elder. He was a happy, go-lucky brother. That is how I viewed him. He was simple. He had PhD. He was bright but very simple. Br. Lee called him (during one of the elders’ training). He shuffles, very humble and short and simple and sweet brother. He came up. And Br. Lee said, ‘How would you shepherd a couple that is contemplating divorce?’ The brother chuckles and says, ‘Well, I guess I would ask ‘em to pray read a verse?’ All the brothers were laughing. And Br. Lee said, ‘And that is why you are an elder.’ Meaning that was the proper response. As elders we were tempted to, ‘What is the situation? What is he doing? What is she doing?’ We deal with the outward circumstance. But we don’t know the intrinsic need. This brother knew what the intrinsic need of a couple who is contemplating divorce. It is not marriage counseling. I’m not saying that there is no room for those kind of things. But as an elder, your primary responsibility is to minister life. If you cannot get them to their spirit, then there is no point in spending time together. No amount of counseling, therapy...will go through until you get them into the right state, which is in their spirit. The point is that to care of the church you need wisdom. Br. Lee said, ‘Actually, this message is not just for elders. It is for all the saints, even down to young sisters.’ We need to pray for knowledge and understanding. That is why we need the ministry. Knowledge, you can get the facts through the Bible. You need the ministry to provide you with that understanding. But also, in order to build the church, you need wisdom, which comes through experiencing all the things that you come to know and understand in daily church life. This is what it means to be filled in spirit. In Ephesians, ‘do not be drunk with wine...but be filled in spirit.’ Again, we think it means some brother exercising their spirit. But actually it is to be filled with wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and even skill. You need to develop your craft of memorizing verses, speaking in the meetings. It is not sufficient to just speak in anyway you want. There is a certain way of prophesying. Brother Minoru would mimic brothers when they are speaking. Not in a funny way but in ministering life. And be open to perfecting. When I was in the training I got called out by brother Dennis big time in the second year class. It was so harsh that he came out to see if I was okay. I was full of shame after he called me out and perfected me in a particular matter, the way I spoke. But I still remember. He perfected me. I was in Irvine team. My first term, maybe I was going like this (waving index finger, when speaking). Minoru said, ‘Mark uses his finger too much. That finger can offend.’ It was either brother James or brother Francis. ‘Oh, Mark’s sharing is good, he put his hand in his pocket.’ There are somethings you just can’t win. The point is we need to develop our craft. The more you do it, the better you become at it. And I have this theory, the vast majority of times why we mess up in our sharing is because we are nervous. If you do something a lot of times, maybe 50 times. On the 50th time you will stop shaking. The first time I shared in a church meeting, it was maybe 20 minutes (in hall 2, 2004), there was about 30 of us. I made the mistake of putting my notes on a piece of paper. If you have it on [iPad], they can’t tell that you are trembling. Jerome was our first student...I just couldn’t get that paper to stop. [You are nervous;] it is because you haven’t done it enough. If you want to learn to give a good prophecy, it will be the 51st prophecy...my burden is this matter of the Spirit. It is not a mistake that in Acts 6, when the Hellenists were being overlooked, the seven men that were chosen were well-attested and full of the Spirit and wisdom. The Spirit is where we receive the wisdom. It is not a superstition where now we are filled and imbued with the skill we never had yesterday.

3/19/2019
	⁃	The cloud, the fire, the light, and the rain are all symbols of the Spirit. Then the rain gives us the water, and the water forms a river. This brings us to the next pair of the symbols of the Spirit—the living water and the river of water of life. An abundance of flowing water is a river.
	⁃	Our God today is a compound of five elements: God, man, death, resurrection, and ascension.
	⁃	God Himself is the oil, and this oil has been compounded with four kinds of “spices”: man, death, resurrection, and ascension. Such a compound ointment is for the purpose of anointing.
	⁃	Our receiving of the Spirit is for us to be painted with the Spirit. Today the consummated Spirit of God as the consummation of the processed Triune God is being applied to us all the time.
	⁃	The compound Spirit is like an all-inclusive drink with all kinds of ingredients. When we pray regularly, the death of Christ, as an ingredient of the compound Spirit, becomes a spiritual medication to us.
	⁃	Within this ointment are the ingredients of Christ’s divinity, humanity, all-inclusive death, germinating resurrection, and transcending ascension. These ingredients will transform us. We need to remain in the enjoyment of the anointing of the compound Spirit.
	⁃	The cloud is the condensation of the Lord’s presence.
	⁃	When man comes to till the ground, the rain comes. As we are laboring in the Lord, the Spirit as the wind will come. Then the wind will bring us the breath, the breath will bring us the cloud, the cloud will bring us the fire, the fire will bring us the light, and eventually the light will bring us the rain.
	⁃	All these symbols of the Spirit portray our enjoyable God.
	⁃	We need to study these aspects of the Spirit, and we have to experience and be constituted with the Spirit in all these aspects.

3/22/2019
ALi
JPrim

The Bible uses all the symbols...how experienceable our God is! The book of Ezekiel uses visible, physical things to signify spiritual things. John 3:6-8. Born of the Spirit and born anew. The descending of the Spirit causes us to be born anew with God’s life. As you go through the whole passage in Acts 2...everyone who calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. This is blowing upon man to cause man to have life. This wind is from God. Whenever God visits and revives us, His Spirit blows us on...The Lord doesn’t just leave us to be content with our situation but He blows as a wind. A wind blew upon Br. Lee. He realized that he had so much knowledge but was so dead. He went up to the mountain day after day and called. He blew. With His presence there is the shining, the burning. Even as I was lukewarm, backslidden in college, I remember going to school one day and there was this dissatisfaction. Eventually the wind blew man to the Summer Training which I haven’t been in the previous few years. Then it blew me into the Full-Time Training. The Lord had mercy on us to grace us...to cause us to be satisfied, to come in His presence with the cloud...even guiding us into the training...then as fire He can burn in us to burn away our intention, our thoughts...Paired with the wind is the breath. Wind, breath, Spirit—Ezek. 37. In our spiritual experience, when God blows upon us, it is the wind. When it enters us it is breath. Then when the breath is in us, it is the Spirit. The wind does bring in the breath. Acts 2:2. We see the wind, the economical Spirit for ministry and move, our essential Spirit for our being and living.

Cloud—covering, protecting, and guiding. His presence is with us, the condensation of His presence. But with His presence there is also the protection (from the enemy). We have been blown here to the training. We have left the world. There is no going back. There is separation, there is the protection. Exodus 40—He is the guiding cloud. ‘Whenever the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, the children of Israel set out on all their journey.’ Just stay in the Lord’s presence and let Him guide you. On one hand we need to fellowship and be open to the Body and the fellowship. But Br. Lee once said, actually the leading is right within you. You don’t have to fellowship that much. The cloud is within us. We need to follow the sense within us.
The more the fire of the Holy Spirit burns in us, the more we are purified and enlightened. We need to be purified. We need this cycle repeated in us. Burn away all the routine-ness. As we have love for certain things, He comes to burn that away. There is the wind, there is the cloud, and the fire to burn that away. Another aspect about fire is a matter of speaking...Even in our experience...you may have gone to a conference. There was the speaking—fire, shining. That changed the direction of your life. So we have to pray (for the upcoming college conference and college training).

The Lord’s heart is really for the Jews. He gives testament at least these two opportunities (former rain—Acts 2; latter rain—at the end of this age). This rain is for the Jews. But this is also for us. For the rain to come, there must be the tilling of the ground. The Spirit is moving but He needs our cooperation. Without man cooperating with Him, then there will be no rain. We know our labor isn’t in vain. But on the other hand we just need to labor. We just say amen wherever the Lord places us and we labor. Then the Lord sends the blessing.

ALi
From Genesis 2:5. We need to work the land. And the Spirit as the rain comes. As it comes, it becomes the river. Living waters and the rivers of water of life. In this river there were also precious stones. Genesis 2, even at the very beginning, in this river are precious stones...’You shall strike the rock that the water may come out...’ How much we need to drink! Moses, representing the rod, struck the rock. The authority striking Christ. When the soldier pierced the solider’s side, blood and water came out. Blood for redemption and water for life. As this rock was stricken, out came water. Out flowing water. This water watering, refreshing the children of Israel. 1 Cor. 10:4—this rock followed them. Wherever the children of Israel went it just followed. This rock, of which rivers flowed out, was following the children of Israel. But when we come later on, the children of Israel were thirsty again. This rock was following them but yet they were thirsty again. It seems like a lot has transpired from the pre-training. We were drinking, we were satisfied...and it’s there. But maybe we are thirsty. What are we thirsty for? Maybe...’I wish I can be like that brother.’ Don’t compare. When you are comparing, that means you are thirsty. Maybe you are an HC, there maybe some criticism. That means we are thirsty. Maybe this term is not what we expected (team, gospel partner, service...). That means we are thirsty. John 4, there is this woman at the well and she was going there and she didn’t realize that she was thirsting for the river of water of life. We can also have a rock following us and not realize that we are thirsty again. So we need to drink. So eventually what happened [is that], the Lord said, ‘Okay, take the rod, don’t strike the rock, and speak to the rock.’ What is the rod? Our identifying with the death of Christ, being one with Him in His death, crucifixion, realizing that whatever we are feeling, whatever we are, that is not reality. So then we speak to the Rock. ‘Lord, I am thirsty. So I ask You to give me a drink.’ Drink this river of water of life, which is flowing freely. We have to realize that we are thirsty! How do we drink? First we need to position ourselves. We need to be positioned. Then we need to realize that we are thirsty. So we need to be thirsty. Then we come to the Lord, ask the Lord, believe in the Lord, call on the Lord, and rivers will flow to us. Then not only that, these rivers flowing to us are in us. Where are they? They are in our spirit. They are in the innermost part of our being. So when we open to the Lord and take a drink, then it’s not a trickle. It is not even just a river. It is rivers. It is a torrent. It is a tidal wave. It is an uncontrollable flow that is gushing out of our innermost being. This is why I love the training. I may be dry, I may not realize it. When in the training, at March, it dawned on me, ‘March Madness.’ But it is not going to satisfy me. Past midnight, going back to the office, existing the cab, raining outside, there was a realization...’I am so dry.’ We have to realize that nothing else can satisfy. If we have problems, we are short of water. If we have things that we are struggling with, take a drink! This is the Spirit to us. This is the very Triune God reaching you because He doesn’t want us to be dry. He wants us to drink. He wants to flow to us. So why not open. He is the all-inclusive drink. What you need, He is. Gal. 5:22-23—all these things and more are all in the Spirit. So call! O Lord Jesus! Ezekiel 47. In the beginning of the Old Testament and the New Testament you have the bird signifying the Spirit. Then why do you have the lampstand in the end of both testaments? Life and building. These lamps, these eyes, are here searching, observing, watching, exposing, enlightening, judging. We may be somewhere on Monday and not realize that we have seven eyes watching. I may be checking something on the phone. And there is the seven eyes. It is not something for us to fear. But the enemy wants you to fear this. But open to these seven eyes. These eyes are full of love. They are not condemning eyes. These eyes are for us. These eyes love us. They also love God’s economy, the Spirit and the bride, the New Jerusalem. So in His faithfulness, the Lord as the Spirit...Don’t allow yourself to just go through the training without being touched, without opening to the Lord. His eyes are watching. His eyes are for you. His eyes are reaching us.

‘In spiritual pursuit many people think that there is something lacking. That kind of thought is idealistic and not real. That is the biggest hindrance in our spiritual pursuit...the Lord does not ask us to idealize the future, but only to submit to the present light...we gain the proper growth, not something idealistic.’ Don’t be ideal because that can sometimes keep us, hinder us. Just open to the seven eyes. Allow the seven Spirits, who are for us and sevenfold intensified, so that this age will end and God’s building will be built. These eyes know what to touch and what to gain. If we trust the light, not what we think ideally where we should be, then the Lord will continually gain us; gain life, gain building...


Reading:

	1.	The brooding bird and the dove
	2.	The olive tree and the anointing ointment
	3.	The wind and the breath
	4.	The cloud and the fire
	5.	The light and the rain
	6.	The living water and the river of water of life
	7.	The seven lamps of the lampstand and the seven eyes of the Lamb.

	•	The God of life comes as a brooding bird to brood over the ones in death to produce life.
	•	The redeeming Lamb is the life-producing dove—John 1:29, 32.
	•	The olive oil is needed by the lampstand to shine forth the light.
	•	God’s economical Spirit of power is mostly for speaking; the fire symbolizes burning power of purging and motivating in God’s economical move.
	•	Former rain and latter rain—Pentecost and at the Lord’s return (the corporate Spirit)—in the seasons of need.
	•	Rivers—many flows of the different aspects of life of the one unique river of water of life.
	•	As the ultimate consummation of the processed Triune God, the Spirit as the river of life is the flow of the processed Triune God with Himself as the water of life to satisfy His chosen people that He may have an eternal manifestation to express Himself for eternity.
	•	Lamps are for enlightening and burning. Eyes are for WOIT (watching, observing, infusing, transfusing) to make us the same as He is.
	•	The seven Spirits before the throne of God are sent forth and moving to execute God’s administration on the whole earth to accomplish God’s building for the fulfillment of His New Testament economy.

3/8/2019
ERomero
539
243 (tune of 231)

Because the [elements] are needed for our organic salvation, they have to be communicated to us through the Spirit. The function of the Spirit is to convey to us, communicate to us, the person and work of the Son. The Spirit—What is that? The consummated Triune God. Once you begin to look at the process, He lived as a man, died as a man, ascended as a man…all that indicates that there was a process. God became approachable to man. It was only at that time point that man could talk to God as a man. And share a meal together and rejoice in a wedding and agonize together in trials. In a deeper way, after the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ, that approachability, is still due to His humanity. It is conveyed to us in His humanity. So surely, an incarnation was perfectly joined to man. But in resurrection, that humanity was uplifted and was brought into the Divine Trinity. [That humanity] functions in the same way to communicate to us God. That humanity was universalized, given the universal quality. At that time that man Jesus was on a small part of the earth. But now He is all over the earth. Was only among the disciples. But now in all of us. His suffering, thirsting at the well, being betrayed, death on the cross…has been added to Him and has been compounded with His divinity. Yes, those were historical processes. Not only that. What is the result of that process? The all-inclusive Christ. That is the product, the result, the issue, of that process. Even though Christ was the subject of all of those experiences (who thirsted, was at the temple…)…but those involve the Divine Trinity. The action of one involves the actions of all three. Every action of the Son, every experience of the Son involve not only the Son but Father and the Spirit. So we don’t speak of the processed Christ. We speak of the processed Triune God because it was the whole Triune God that went through that experience. While the centrality of that process was the all-inclusive Christ, the application of that process is the life-giving Spirit and the source of both is the Father. So this process involves not just the Son but also the Father and the Spirit. So who do we enjoy now? The processed Triune God! We enjoy the processed Triune God, the Father, the Son, and the Spirit. John 8:29. Always with the Father and always by the Spirit. Matt. 12:28. In that process, it was the Son with the Father, by the Spirit. That process was the process of the whole Triune God. All of those human experiences of Christ and all His attainments (incarnation, human living, death, ascension) are not merely historical events for our judicial redemption; much more they are the human elements of the processed Triune God for our organic salvation. God’s intention is not merely a judicial process. God’s intention is much more than that—to make man God for the accomplishment of His eternal purpose. That Triune God consummated and applying to us is the Spirit. If all that God wanted to accomplish is judicial redemption, then all of those experiences of Christ has merely been historical events to satisfy the righteous requirements and demands of God. That is all that they would be. Rightly so, much needed. Redemption, justification, reconciliation…Where would that process have ended? It would have ended with Christ in ascension, resting in glory. That would be the end of the process—with Christ in glory. The operation of God to unite with man in complete. He Himself is a dispensing. When He relates Himself to man, that is a dispensing. So as He relates to us, as He comes to save us, then He does so in the way of dispensing. So then the goal of that process is not Christ in glory. The end of that process is the Spirit. The Spirit as the consummation of the processed Triune God. While the Son is the focal person of the Triune God (in the processed Triune God), who provided all of the elements that would be applied in our judicial redemption and organic salvation, it is the Spirit who is the focal point in the consummated Triune God who actually applies all those elements to us. He is the one applying to us all that the Triune God has obtained, attained, and accomplished. When you speak of consummation, this refers to the economical process, the economical aspect of the Trinity in which there is a process and in which there is a consummation. John 1:18—‘No one has ever seen God’—the essential aspect. The transcendent God. ‘The only begotten Son, who is in the bosom of the Father, He has declared Him’—economy. In His economy the Son declared the Father to us. Notice the use of the Father and the Son. And the consummation is the Spirit. The Spirit as the Son with the Father. Coinherence—the basic relationship among the three of the Godhead. The danger is that you would look at the Spirit separate from the Father and the Son. So you have to be very vigilant and be exercised to consider as you get into the matter of the Spirit, it is the Triune God. The function of the Spirit is to bear to us, to communicate to us, to transmit to us all that the Son is as the reality of the Son. That is the function of the Spirit. The Spirit then is the reality of the Son. ‘He will guide you all the reality.’ The Son said, ‘I am the reality.’ He leads you into Christ as the reality. He makes the Son real to you. He has nothing of His own to impart to you as reality. He will only impart the reality of the Son to you. And He will bring you into the reality of the Son. The function of the Spirit—to bring God the Father in God the Son to you and me. John 15:26. The Spirit has nothing of His own hypostasis to transmit to you. No gift to bestow to you other than the Son. He speaks to you what the Son spoke. He gives to you what He received from the Son. And He imparts to you nothing from His own but everything that Christ the Son is and has accomplished. This is the marvelous economy of salvation. The Spirit is the consummation of the processed Triune God (pneumatic God incarnate). There is a very close identification of Spirit to the Son because of His ability to transmit the Son to us. John 7:38-39. There was never a time in which the essential Spirit was not. He is eternal. This verse is not speaking of the essential Spirit. This is talking about the Spirit, the consummation of the processed Triune God. It is speaking of the Spirit in its function to bring to you all the elements of this glorified Spirit. We believed into Christ but we have the Spirit flowing in us! John 14:20. The Son prays to the Father who sends the Son. He comes pneumatically as a second Comforter, as another Comforter. He comforts us, applying and dispensing the first Comforter to us. How do we behold the Lord? It is the Spirit who conveys to us the face, His smile, His countenance. ‘Because I live, you also shall live?’ How do we live? Because the Spirit applies to us the vitality of the resurrected Spirit. John 20:22. ‘Receive the Holy Spirit.’ Christ is the logos, the word of God, the expression of the Father. There is the distinction between the word and you. The Son breathed out. His very essence, His pneuma, is the Spirit. There is definitely the distinction between the Son and the Spirit. The Father is expressed by the Son. And the Son breathes forth the Spirit. In the economy of salvation, the Spirit brings to us all that the Son is and has. In salvation, the Spirit applies to us, transmits to us, the processed Triune God for our organic salvation.

